JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 29th, 1801,

In the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

To June the 28th, 1802,

In the Forty-second Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 57.

---

Vfeflage to ttenct His Majesty#

Members takO Oaths.

Outlawry BUI read.

Mr. Speaker reports the King'sSpeech,

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Self. 1801 — i.

Jovis, 2 90 die OBolrii;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 18 o i.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod t

Mr. Speaker*

The King commands this Honourable Houseto attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

A Member present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in, to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clartdestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

1 have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that the

important Negotiations, in which I was engaged at the Close of the last Session of Parliament, are brought to a favourable Conclusion. The Differences with the Northern Powers have been adjusted by a Convention with the Emperor of Russia, to which the Kings of Denmark and Sweden have expressed their Readiness to accede. The essential Rights for which We contended are thereby secured; and Provision is made, that the Exercise of them shall be attended with as little Molestation as possible to the Subjects of the contracting Parties.

VOL. 57.

Preliminaries of Peace have also been ratified between Me and the French Republick; and I trust that this important Arrangement, whilst it manifests the Justice and Moderation of My Views, will also be found conducive to the substantial Interests of this Country, and honourable to the RritijhCharacter: — Copies of these

Papers shall forthwith belaid before you; and I e&rneftly hope that the Transactions to which they refer will meet with the Approbation of My Parliament.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have directed such Estimates to be prepared of the various Demands for the Public Service as appear to Me to be best adapted to the Situation in which We are now placed. It is painful to Me to reflect, that Provision cannot be made for defraying the Expences which must unavoidably be continued, for a Time, in different. Parts of the World, and for maintaining an adequate Peace Establishment, without large additional Supplies. You may, however, be assured, that all possible Attention shall be paid to such ceconomical Arrangements as may not be inconsistent with the great Object of effectually providing for the Security of all My Dominions.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot sufficiently describe the Gratification and Comfort I derive from the Relief, which the Bounty of Divine Providence has afforded to My People, by the abundant Produce of the late Harvest: — In contemplating the Situation of the Country at this important Conjuncture, it is impossible for Me to refrain from expressing the deep Sense I entertain of the Temper and Fortitude, which have been manifested by all Descriptions of My faithful Subjects, under the various and complicated Difficulties with which they have had to contend.

The distinguislled Valour and eminent Services of My Forces by Sea and Land, which, at no Period* have been surpassed; the unprecedented Exertions of the Militia and Fencibles, and the Zeal and Perseverance of the Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, are entitled to My warmest Acknowledgements; and I am persuaded, that you will join with Me in reflecting, with peculiar Satisfaction, on the Naval and Military Operations of the last Campaign; and on the fucceisful and glorious Issue of the Expedition to Egypt, which has been marked throughout by Atchievements, tending, in their Consequences and by their Example, to produce lalling Advantage and Honour to this Country.

Kesolution for Ad tire Is on King'sSpccch.

4 29 — 3o°

It is My first Wish, and most fervent Prayer, that My People may experience the Reward they have so well merited, in a hill Enjoyment of the Blelfings of Peace, in a progressive Increase of the National Commerce, Credit, and Rel'ources; and, above all, in the undisturbed Possession of their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, under the Safeguard and Protection of that Constitution, which it has been the great Object of all Our Efforts to preserve, and which it is Our most sacred Duty to transmit, unimpaired, to Our Descendants.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that we learn, with great Satisfaction, that the Differences with the Northern Powers have been adjusted by a Convention with the Emperor of Rufia, to which the Kings of Denmark and Sweden have expressed their Readinel's to accede; and that Preliminaries of Peace have been ratified between His Majesty and the French Republick:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having been pleased to direct Copies of these Treaties to be laid before us; and, to assure His Majesty, that we shall not fail to apply our immediate Attention to the important Transadiions to which they relate:

That we are fully sensible of the paternal Solicitude which leads His Majesty to regret the Necessity of large additional Supplies; but that, while we sincerely participate in that Sentiment, we feel the indispensible Duty of providing for the Expences which must, for a Time, be unavoidable in different Parts of the World, and of maintaining an adequate Establishment on the linal Restoration of Peace:

That we shall be anxious for the Adoption of all such eeconomical Arrangements, as may not be inconsistent with the great Object, which His Majesty has fb justly at Heart, of effectually providing for the Security of all His Majesty's Dominions:

That we truly participate in the Gratification, which His Majesty has so graciously been pleased to express, at the Relief which the Bounty of Divine Providence has afforded to His People, by the Abundance of the late Harvest; and we acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, His Majesty's gracious Acceptance and Approbation of the Proofs of that Temper and Fortitude, which have been manifested by all Descriptions of His Subjects, under the various and complicated Difficulties with which they have had to contend:

That we rcflect with Sentiments of just Exultation on the distinguished Valour and eminent Services of His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land, which at no Period have been surpassed; and that we have contemplated with the utmost Satisfaction the unprecedented Exertions of the Militia and Fencibles, and the Zeal and Perseverance of the Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry:

That we most heartily congratulate His Majesty on the Naval and Military Operations of the last Campaign, and on the glorious and successful Ifl'ue of the Expedition to Egypt, marked as it has been throughout by Achievements, which, in their Consequences and by their Example, cannot fail to conduce to the lasting Advantage and Honour of this Country:

That we cordially share in His Majesty's earnest Willies, that His Subjects may enjoy in their full Extent tire returning Blessings of Peace, in the progressive Increase of the National Commerce, Credit, and Revenues; and, above all, in the undisturbed Possession of their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, under the Safeguard and Protection of that Constitution which it has been the great Object of all our Efforts to preserve, and which it is our fixed Determination, as it is our most sacred Duty, to transmit, unimpaired, to our De-feendants.

OBobris. 1801.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Master of the Rolls, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Sir William Scott, Mr. Carry, Mr. HileyAddington, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Steele, the Lord Mr. Wallace, Mr. Branifton, Mr. TAcophi/us Mr. Bond, Mr. Adams, Mr. Sargent, Sir Robert Mr. John Smyth, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 30* die OBobris;

Anno 42° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801. PltAYERS.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Method of felling Wheat, ancf other Grain, by Measure, in which no regular Standard is used, is productive of great Inconvenience and Deception, and renders it impossible to ascertain the real Price of such Wheat and Grain; and it is found to be impracticable, under the existing Laws, to guard against the Frauds practised in the Returns made to the Clerk of the Markets, and consequently the Magistrates are unable to fix the Assize of Bread from these Returns with any Cor-rectness, in Proportion to the real Average Price of Com; and that the Public in general fuller great Imposition by felling Potatoes and Turnips by Measure, and it would be attended with great Public Utility, and would tend much to remedy the Evils now experienced (particularly by the Poor) if Wheat and all other Kinds of Grain, Flour, Meal, and also Potatoes and Tumips, were sold by one fixed Weight instead of Measur: And therefore praying, that the House will take the above Evils into Consideration, and provide such Remedy as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered \That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bragge, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Carry, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. At-

1 torney

Committee appoint^, to draw up Ad-drd».

King's Speech referred.

Maidstone Debtors Peti* tiun*

Petition fmm

Monmouth, relative to the Sale of Corn, &c.byWeight.

Grand Committees appointed.

Committee of

Privileges appointed.

Other usual Orders, &c.

42 Geo. III. 30° OBobris. 5

torney General, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Mr.

Wilberforce, Mr. Lee, Mr. Nicholas Mr. Secre-

tary at War, the Lord Hawk Mr. , Mr. Pybus, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Addington, Sir Philip Stephens, Mr. William , Mr. James Adams, Mr. Markham, Mr. Mr. Evan

Nepean, Sir William Scott, Mr. Solicitor General, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every nesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, City, Borough, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places in Great Britain, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve iri Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, which have been, or may be, made to Writs already issued, or ordered to be issued, do question the same within Twenty-eight Days after the same shall have been, or shall be, respectively returned into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

Resolved, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to Writs not already issued, or ordered to be issued, do question the same by presenting a Petition to this House within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or by lodging a Petition in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been brought into the said Office.

Resolved, That, when any such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, within the Time before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make a Copy thereof, to be preserved in the said Office, and immediately thereupon shall transmit such original Petition (in the Method used in conveying Returns of Writs) to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him laid before the House: and that, in case no such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office, within the Time before limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Certificate, in the like Manner, to the Speaker of the House of Commons, signed by himself, or his Deputy, specifying the Time

VOL. 57.

when such Return was made, and that no such Petition had been lodged in his Office previous to the Date of such Certificate.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That no Peer of Ireland, unless actually elected and serving for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morifing next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That no Peer of Ireland elected (or who shall be elected) to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, or who hath, or shall have voted at such Election, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons for any Lord of Parliament to concern himself in the Election, or for any Lord Lieutenant of any County, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commission, to influence the Election of any Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons, for any Lord of Parliament to concern himself in the Election, or for any Governor of any County in- that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commission to influence the Election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

C Resolved,

Googh

Ref jived, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and he Petitioners do,

by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed ot to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, bedif-charged out of Custody without the special Or<J|r of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the K.ey delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Pall'ages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do lee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the lloom appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this* House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, conllantly attend trom Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the kail immediately after the Kiting of the House; and also trom Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said

Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members . tending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees, in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Answer of ceived from Admiral Lord Keith, the following Letter, v«c *feilh to in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him Thinks, by Mr. Speaker, in obedience to their Commands of the 18 th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament.

Foudroyant, Bay of Aboukir, 15th July 1801.

Sir,

I have received your Letter of the 19th May last, transmitting to me the unanimous Vote of Thanks with which the House of Commons has been pleased to honour my Services} and those of Rear Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton, and the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, of the Fleet under my Command, who were employed in disembarking the British Troops on the Coast of Egypt, and supporting their subsequent Operations; which I have embraced the earliest Opportunity of communicating to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton, and to the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, who were employed on that Service: And I requell that you will be pleased to allure the Honour-ble House, that wejullly appreciate that distinguished Testimony bf Satisfaction with our Efforts in the Discharge of the Duty which we owe to the Public, and which our Country has always a Right to require.

I crave Permission, Sir, to express my Acknowledgements for the very obliging Terms in which you have been pleased to convey the Vote of the House to me; and to allure you of the additional Satisfaction I enjoy in having had this, honourable Testimony of public Approbation transmitted to me by one who commands my Respect and Esteem.

I have the Honour to be, with the greatest Regard,

Sir,

Your most obedient, and most humble Servant,

The Right Honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons.

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, by Convention,

ti* tvyr /x > 4 &c. with Ruf-

His Majesty s Command, fydf a!ld Pieli_

N° 1. Copy of Convention between His Majesty and minarie* of the Emperor of Russia, signed at St. the

X'T June 1801 — and Translation; and also, fcnrtd.'

N° 2. Copy of First separate Article of Ditto — and Translation; and also,

N° 3. Copy of Second separate Article of Ditto — and Translation; and also,

N4 4-

Appendix

(No. i.)

Address reported, and agreed to.

N° 4. Copy of Declaration — and Translatloni and also,

N % 5. Copy of Preliminary Articles of Peace between His Majesty and the French Republic* signed at London the ift of QEloher 1S01.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Preliminary Articles of Peace, between His Majesty and the French Republic, be taken into Consideration upon 5Vuefday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, together with the said other Papers relating thereto, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The Copies of the Four First of the said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the Translations thereof* and Copy of the said Preliminary Articles, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. IVodehouse reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House J and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign*

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We learn, with great Satisfaction, that the Differences with the Northern Powers have been adjusted by a Convention with the Emperor of RuJ/ia, to which the Kings of Denmark and Sweden have expressed their Readiness to accede; and that Preliminaries of Peace have been ratified between Your Majesty and the French Republic.

We acknowledge Your Majesty's Goodness in having been pleated to direct Copies of these Treaties to be laid before us; and allure Your Majesty, that we shall not fail to apply our immediate Attention to the important Transactions to which they relate.

We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, the Paternal Solicitude which leads Your Majesty to regret the Necessity of large additional Supplies; but, while we sincerely participate in that Sentiment, we feel the indispensible Duty of providing for the Expences which must, for a Time, be unavoidable in different Parts of the World, and of maintaining an adequate Establifti-ment on the final Restoration of Peace.

We shall be anxious for the Adoption of all such ceconomical Arrangements as may not be incontiftent with the great Object which Your Majesty has so justly at Heart, ot effectually providing for the Security of all Your Majesty's Dominions.

We a flu re Your Majesty, that we truly participate in the Gratification which Your Majesty has lo graciously been pleased to express, at the Relief which the Bounty of Divine Providence has afforded to Your People by the Abundance of the late Harvest: and we beg leave most dutifully to acknowledge Your Majesty's gracious Acceptance and Approbation of the Proofs of that Temper and Fortitude which have been manifested by all Descriptions of Your Subjects, under the various and complicated Difficulties with which they have had to contend.

We reflect, with Sentiments of just Exultation, on the distinguished Valour and eminent Services of Your Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land, which at no Period have been furpafied; and we have contemplated, with the utmost Satisfaction, the unprecedented Exertions VoL. $1.

of the Militia and Fencibles, and the Zeal and Perseverance of the Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry.

We most heartily congratulate Your Majesty on the Naval and Military Operations of the last Campaign, and on the glorious and successful Ifl'ue of the Expedition to Egypt, marked, as it has been throughout, by Atchievements which, in their Consequences, and by their Example, cannot fail to conduce to the lading Advantage and Honour of this Country.

We cordially share in Your Majesty's earned Willies that Your Subjects may enjoy, in their full Extent, the returning Blefiings of Peace, in the progressive Increase of the National Commerce, Credit, and Revenues; and, above all, in the undisturbed Possession of their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, under the Safeguard and Protection of that Constitution which it has been the great Object of all our Efforts to preserv, and which it is our fixed Determination* as it is our most sacred Duty, to transmit, unimpaired, to our DescendantS;

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral Sir James marez, Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, for his Alacrity and Zeal in pursuing, and his able and gallant Conduit in the fuccelsful Attack on the combined Squadron of the Enemy, in the Straits of Gibraltar, on the 12 th and 13 th Days of July last, by the Squadron under his Orders.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Captains and Officers of the Squadron under the Orders of the said Rear Admiral, for their gallant Conduit on that Occasion; and that the Rear Admiral be desired to signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen and Marines on board the Ships under the Orders of the said Rear Admiral, in the late successful Attack on the combined Squadron of the Enemy; and that the Captains of the several Ships be desired to signify the same to their relpeilive Crews, and to thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Th in the County of York, in the room of Sir Thomas Fr Baronet, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bo-

nenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the CIock,.

Sabbati,

king'sSpeech to be considered.

Thanks to Sir James Saumarez, SCQ. &c.

Thirlk Wri«.

L-

31* OSobris — a°

A. 1801*

Thr King appoint* to be attended by the House.

King's Speech conUdtrcd.

Motion for a Supply}

To be con-Gdered in a Committee*

King'i Answer to Ad-drest*

Tuddenhnm lncSofure Petition.

Sabb at i,31* die OElobris;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunae, 2* die Novembris

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, , 1801. (

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty, on last, with their

Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful and loyal Address.

The Sentiments it conveys are fresh and satisfactory Proofs of that Attachment to My Person and Government, and of that Regard for the Honour and Interests of this Country, by which your Conduct has been invariably distinguished.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaf Tuddenham, in the County of , on Behalf of

themselves and the rest of the Owners of Messuages, Kinds, and Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of great Value if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordaed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jodrell, Sir Robert Buxton, and Mr. AJlley, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Act rtfytft-iitg Salt used in curing Filb, «o bcconiider-1.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt, Duty " free, in the preferring of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels j " for proteding Persons engaged in such Fisheries from " being impressed into His Majesty's Service; for dise " continuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings " exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards " now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the A£h respect-39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Ma- *cng

?~n ..... nr 1 r1 t- Starch,

jetty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until the rirtt be considered. " Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties " upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any " Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation " of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One " thousand Eight hundred, and better collecting, the " Duties payable on the Importation of Starch," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re-" viving and continuing, until the First Day of October " One thousand Eight hundred and One, so much of " an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on " the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to " be imported into Great Britain, in Neutral Ships; for " reviving and continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day " of March One thousand Eight hundred and Four,

" and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks " after the Commencement of the then next Session of " Parliament, an Act, made in the'Thirty-seventh Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for authorizing " His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Tr^de and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good;

and for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made " in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from purluing their lawful Occupations," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, and to Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, for > Supply. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they bad come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

42 Geo. III. 2° — 30 No 9

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Orders of the Day, for resuming reipealngln- the adjourned Debates upon the several Motions, made terferenc* of upon Friday last, respecting the Interference of Peers, Elections'an<^ other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, be now read.

And the same were read accordingly, and severally ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Motions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Mr. Secre-

tary at War, Mr. Corry, Mr. Lee, The Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Denis Browne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Trench, Sir

Pulteney, Mr. Grey, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Hatvkins Browne, Mr. Bagwell, Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. r Sturges, Mr. Ormsby, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Henry Alexander:

'And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.'

Monaghan Ordered ', That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Monaghan, in the room of Warner Esquire, now Baron Ro/more, a Peer of the United Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reltridions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Banhes,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of Nor- Styrrup, old* folk, and the humble Petition of Dennis Frith, Anthony inc^oVure* Ingall, and of several of the Proprietors of, and Persons Petition, interested in, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Failures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Town-ships of Styrrup, Oldcoats, and Far worth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands in the said Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, at present, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if Power was given to allot or divide, and inclose the fame, it would tend to the Benefit of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Howard and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Higham Ferrer* Writ.

Tnddenham Indolure Bill, prerented.

Tenbury

Roads

Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Hilton inclo-unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and iwe Petition, otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Hilton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the /JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new m0ns, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State,

Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this pre- incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if sent Parliament, for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to ' the County of Northampton, in the room of Stephen the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly Thwrston Adey, Esquire, deceased. improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Mr. Afiley presented to the House, according to Or- laid Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the mons, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the House shall think proper.

Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

And the same was received; and read the First Time. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Viscount and Lord Frederick Montagu do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution Two Act,j passed in the 30th A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Fenfbmton Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and inclosure Second, and the 22d Year of the Reign of His present otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Com- Pet, tion‘ Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- mon Meadows, Marfii Grounds, Commons, and Waste pair, several Roads, in and near to the Town of Tenbury, Lands, in the Parish of Fenflanton, in the County of in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turn- ting forth, That the said Open Common Fields, Com-, pike Road on the CleeHill, leading from Ludlow to Cleo- mon Meadows, Marsh Grounds, Commons, and Waste

bury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any con-leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said County, siderable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, specific Allotments made to the several Persons in That great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the terested, the same might be greatly improved: And said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains due, which a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Com-cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Grounds, Com-Vojl. 57. D mons.

Martis, 30 Novembris;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Account of

Northern 1-u: hr lionles, presented.

Nottingham* (hiie Writ.

Committee on Act rrf peeing Salt u‘ttl it curing

Committer on A or- rcljfd-iii< Duties on Siajch, kc.

Keport from Cv-uunittre on Moi !' U for a S apply.

io 3° Novetnbris. A. 1801.

mon % and Wade Linds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Robert (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners for erecting Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, for the Year from July 1800 to 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Honourable Evelyn deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the " Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fifti in Bulk, or in Barrels; for protesting " Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being impressed into His Majesty's Service; for discontinuing " the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; " and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, " whether exported or fold for Home Consumption," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of certain Act?, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, and to Spirits diliilled from Melasses and Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to icvcral llcsolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moirow Morning.

1 Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Coniradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to pointed*1* consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Or- Estimate* -dinary and Extraordinary of the Navy, for Three Lunar 0rjj^d: and Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, be Ext^Ravy? laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Transport Transport Service, and of the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Sick Pri- sick Prisoners. foners of War, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the 1 ft Day of January 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, from the 25th Day Garrison*. of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sum which may be ^ci',e1*neous wanted for Miscellaneous Services for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the ordered!6"* 30th Day of September^ 801.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Consideration Friday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday Russia,0* next, the Convention between His Majesty and the deferred. Emperor of Rufia, signed at St. Petersburgk the T'T June 1801, together with the other Papers relating thereto, presented to the House by His Majesty's Command, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Convention and Papers be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preliminaries Preliminary Articles of Peace between His Majesty and the French Republic, signed at London the ill of October dered;and

1801. Address

And the said Preliminary Articles were read. thereupon.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been graciously pleased to lay before them a Copy of the Preliminaries of Peace which have been ratified by His Majesty and the French Republic; and to allure His Majesty, that having taken them into their most serious Consideration, they reflect, with heartfelt Gratitude, on the fresh Proof which has been

afforded

o

° Novembris

Committee appointed to draw of Addreto.

Isle of Oort Roads Petition.

3 -4

11

afforded on this Occasion, of His Majesty's paternal Care for the Welfare and Happiness of His People, and contemplate with great Satisfaction the Prospect of a definitive Treaty of Peace, founded on Conditions which, whilst they manifest His Majesty's Wisdom, Moderation, and Good Faith, will, they trust, be productive of Consequences highly advantageous to the substantial Interests of the British Empire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Lee, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William , The Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.-Secretary at War, Lord Viscount reagh, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Wallace, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Sargent; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on

nefuayMorning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Novembris;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the West India Dock Company, on Behalf of the said Company, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and Inhabitants q,ear the proposed Roads herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road or Communication between the City of London and the India Docks situate at the Isle of Dogs, in the County of dlesex, will be of very great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and will tend to increase the Utility of the said Docks, and be of great Public Benefit and Convenience; and that such Communication may be effected by making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, a convenient‘Carriage Road from the said' West India Docks to the Pavement in Church Street, near Whitechapel, and by making a Branch or short Cut from the said Road, at or near Lane, to Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex, and also by opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to the West End of A lie Street, Goodman s Fields, and from thence, through Street, into Whitechapel, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London; and that, in order to render the said intended Road commodious at or near Limehouse Church, it will be necessary to lay a Part of the present Cemetery or Church Yard into the public Way, and expedient to have Powers to purchase other Land and Premises contiguous thereto, to be conveyed in Lieu or Exchange for the fame; and that it will be desirable to have the said Roads watched, lighted, and watered: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 57.

And it is referred to Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of Roc hefter, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bridge across the River Medway, at Rochester, in the County of Kent, is of great public Use, but, being very narrow for Horses, Carriages, and Passengers, and the Arches thereof narrow and incommodious to the Navigation of the said River, the Petitioners have lately entered upon, and made considerable Progress in widening the Passage over the said Bridge, and also in preparing to widen one of the Arches thereof, and thereby materially to improve the Navigation of the said River, at a considerable Expence, by which a large Debt has been incurred; and that the Estates and Property belonging to the said Bridge are inadequate to discharge the said Debt, and to complete the said Works without the Assistance of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have no Power by Law to charge or mortgage the Estates belonging to the said Bridge with or for any Debt incurred in the Execution of the Works aforesaid, and it is necessary that the Petitioners should be enabled to collect a Toll on the said Bridge, and also to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and of the Estates belonging to the said Bridge, for the Purpose of completing the said Works, and paying off the said Debt, and that further Powers should be granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir W Sit Edward

Knatchbull, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. William Eliot (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads therein mentioned, as it stood on the 30th of September 1801.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates therein men-tonsd might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Nix. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving " of Fish in Bulk, or in Barrels; for protesting Persons tf engaged in such Fisheries from being impressed into " His Majesty's Service; for discontinuing the Bounty " payable on White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption," the Resolution

Rochester Bridge Peti- 7 tion.

Estimate of Navy Debt, presented.

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

Answer to Address.

Report on A&

relpe&ingSalt' uied in curing Fish.

4° Novembris. . 1801

tion Which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt, " Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk, or in " Barrels; for protecting Penons engaged in such " Fisheries from being impressed into His Majesty's " Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on " White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty " on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for

Home Consumption," as relates to allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish. in Bulk, or in Barrels, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, is expired, and lit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Nicholas and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kepo-t on Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the A<u reibeft- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ing Duties on consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the urc ,&c. 29th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, and to Spirits distilled from MeJafles and Sugar, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until the First Day of " June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon " Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of " Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, " until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand " Eight hundred, and better collecting, the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch," as relates to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, which said Act was, by Two other Acts, passed in the 39th, and 40th and 41st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, revived and further continued until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing, until the First Day of " June One thousand Eight hundred, the Duties upon " Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of " Spirits from. Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the Twentieth Day of September One thousand Eight Hundred, and better collecting, the Duties " payable on the Importation of Starch," as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, which said Act was, by Two Acts, passed in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, revived, amended, , and further 9

continued until the First Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Eliot (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

An Estimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for the Three first Lunar Months commencing the ift January 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Money that will be necessary for Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the ift January and 25th March 1802, being Three Lunar Months: And

also,

Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for Three Lunar Months, in the Year 1802, commencing the I ft of January.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be nerufed by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Dungannon, in the County of Tyrone, in the room of the Honourable John Knox, deceased.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to severalResolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Edmund CradockHartopp reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to

be

Estimates presented t

Ordinary and Extra Navy.

Transport Service, &c.

Sick Prisoners.

Appendix t

(No. 3.),

Adjournment#

Dungannon

Writ.

Ordnance

Estimate,

presented#

Appendix 9

(No. 4-)

Committee of Supply.

Address reported, and agreed to.

be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afi'embled, beg leave to

' . o

return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks for having been graciously pleased to lay before us, a Copy of the Preliminaries of Peace, which have been ratified by Your Majesty and the French Republic.

We allure Your Majesty, that, having taken them into our most serious Consideration, we refled, with heartfelt Gratitude, on the fresh Proof which has been afforded, on this Occasion, of Your Majesty's paternal Care for the Welfare and Happiness of Your People; and contemplate with great Satisfaction the Prospect of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, founded on Conditions, which, whilst they manifest Your Majesty's Wisdom, Moderation, and good Faith, will, we trust, be productive of Consequences highly advantageous to the iub-stantial Interests of the British Empire.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That l'uch Members of this House as are of H is Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure when He will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 6°;

Anno 42® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Bonington A PETITION of the Reverend Goodall,

incloiu.e x\. Clerk, Lord of the Manor, the Reverend John Petition. Cooke, Clerk, Vicar, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish of Donington, otherwise Hinton, in the County of Bucking-

ham, and of Impropriate Tythes issuing the reout, whole Hands are thereunlo subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields! Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing 900 Acres, or thereabouts, over which the Petitioners and others have Right of Common at certain Times, and at a certain and determinate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the Petitioners Farm Houses are inconveniently situated in respect of the said Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in final I Parcels (and subject to Great and Small Tythes, which are liable to be taken in Kind) and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners are delirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, or that the Petitioners may have l'uch other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Vol. 57.

)° Novembris. 13

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Annejley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Debate on That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of newWritfor the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the Cashtii, ad-electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, j°urne‘1, for the City of Cashell, in the room of Richard,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, has taken Holy Orders.

And the House being informed, that the said Mr.

Bagwell had taken Holy Orders since the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of " Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of " Commons;"

The said Act was read.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Motion;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wr,u the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Hugh Seymour, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour,

deceased.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That The King His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the appoI‘Jt* Order of Wednesdaylaft) humbly to know His Majesty's the House/

Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report Sup-whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the P*f deferred» Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply.de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fenred* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuncZy 90 die Novembris;

Anno 42® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the King's An-House attended His Majesty on Friday last, with Ad* their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Return you My Thanks for this loyal and dutiful

Address.

The Sentiments which you have expressed upon this important Occasion are highly satisfactory to Me, and calculated to produce the happiest Effects.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Debate on adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That Mr. Speaker Motion for 9

E do

by v

*4

nri* Writ for do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Cuihfii, fur- Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a

tocr jd J 0 m o #

jottmrd. Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Cafiell.in the room of Rickard Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said City, has taken Holy Orders;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

RfcV.rflfr The Lord Marjkam reported from the Committee, to B;.!(;< Pfti- whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty non, reported. jj,e j\Tew Uridge of in the County of Kent,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read ;.and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Twopeny, being examined, said. That the Bridge across the River Medway, at Rochester, in the County of Kent, is of great public Use, but being very narrow for Horses, Carriages, and Passengers, and the Arches thereof narrow and incommodious to the Navigation of the said River, the Petitioners have lately entered upon, and made considerable Progress in widening the PalFage oyer the said Bridge, and also in preparing to widen one of the Arches thereof, and thereby materially to improve the Navigation of the said River, at a considerable Expence, by which a large Debt has been incurred: — That the Estates and Property belonging to the said Bridge are inadequate todischarge the said Debt, and to complete the said Works, without the A Hi fiance of Parliament: That the Petitioners have no Power by Law to charge or mortgage the Estates belonging to the said Bridge, with or for any Debt incurred by the Execution of the Works aforesaid; and it is necessary that the Petitioners should be enabled to collect a Toll on the said Bridge; and also to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and of the Estates belonging to the said Bridge, for the Purpose of completing the said Works, and paying off the said Debt; and that further Provisions should be granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the new Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raile Money for that Purpose: And that the Lord (ham and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Turfdfnham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open committed.' ' fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Refr'ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AJlley, Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

s.xnerfetrtiire A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Nav.Mtion SomersetfiireCoal Canal Navigation, was presented to

Petition. the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal with certain Railways and Stone Roads from several Collieries in the County of to communicate

with the intended Kennct and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and another Act was passed in the 36th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amen d the said Act; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress.in forming the said Canal, and executing other Works belonging to or connected

A. 1802.

therewith, in the doing of which they have expended all the Money they have been able to raise by virtue of the said Acts, and have also contracted considerable Debts, which still remain due and owing; and that in proceeding to make and complete a certain Part of the said Canal, called The Dunkerton Line, the Petitioners have formed a Communication between the Upper and Lower Level by a Whimfey, or Jenny Road, and did intend to have formed a similar Communication between the Upper and Lower Level on the Radjlock Line of Canal, which by the said first-recited Act they are empowered to make in case they should find it expedient so to do, but it is apprehended that such Communications will be attended with great Loss, Delay, and Inconvenience to the Traders on the said Canal, and to the Public; and that it would be much more convenient, and a considerable Saving to the Public, if the Lines of the said Canal were completed and finished by a Water Communication to be formed between the Upper and Lower Levels thereof, but the Petitioners find, by examining the Lands through which they are, by the said Acts, authorized to make the said Canal, that they cannot make such Water Communication without being empowered to vary and alter the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal in the Parishes of Coombhay and Scuthjloke, in the said County of Somerset, and the Radjlock Line, in the Parish of Wellow, in the same County; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to discharge their present Debts and Incumbrances, and also to make the said Water Communications, and to complete the said Undertaking, it is necessary that they should be enabled to raile such further Sums of Money as may be requisite, and that the Tonnage Rates to be taken on Goods that shall be passed from the Upper to the Lower, and from the Lower to the Upper Levels of the said Lines of Canal, should be encreased; and that the Powers of the said Acts have been found insufficient and defective, and it is necessary the same should be extended, altered, explained, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending, altering, explaining, and amending, the Powers and Provisions of the said A<5ls for varying and altering the above-mentioned Lines of the said Canal, and for empowering the Petitioners to raise such further Sums of Money as may be requisite for that Purpose, and for discharging their present Debts, and completing the said Undertaking, and to enable them to receive such,

Tonnage, in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore L Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates, &c. suant to their Address to His Majesty, presented:

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, arid Guards and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United King- Garriibn*. dom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25 th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in Forces in the the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Plantations, Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in South Wales,

from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th 1802,

both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, General and and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in officert> that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain,

from

90 Nov emir is.

Rirticulnrs ol

G n< nl and St tit Officers, &c.

T roops in East India.

Recruiting for D°.

Contingencies for Land Forets, See.

Embodied Militia, See.

Contingencies for D°.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Udieers.

Allowances to certain Odi-cers.

?nbfi(lence paid to Innkeepers, &c.

Half Pay.

D\

D«.

Chelsea Out-Pcnlioners.

42 Geo. III. 90 .

from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

A Paper, intituled, "Particulars of the Charge of " the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the " Hospitals, feving with the Forces in that Part of " the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from 25th " December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, " being 90 Days."

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 2jth of December 1S01 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in Erjl India, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry in Great Britain and on Foreign Stations; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia,' and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of The States General, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also, Vo l. 57.

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Penfiohers of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, f*om the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March i8c2, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge ot Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates and Paper.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates and Paper are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Chelsea fn-Penfonert.

Widows Pen* lions.

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

Foreign

Corps.

Appendix.

(No. 5.)

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- uppy* ferred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen.

That One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ill Day of January 1802, including Thirty Thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wages for That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Twenty-one Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Men, for Three Lunar Mont ns, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per M^n per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, visuals for That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Forty-one Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Men, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wear and That a Sum, not exceeding One Miiiion One Hundred TcarofshlPs* and Seventy Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Men are to serve, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Manper Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance for That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-seven Thousand ScaService* Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service, on board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Thirty Thousand Men are to serve, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolvedf

C ommittee of Ways and Mr.ms appointed.

C ondJeration oft'onventiou with Ku:iu, driurcJ.

Supply, dc-

ft i it'd*

S^end Roads Ft ti tion.

So nth mol ton Roads petition#

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to considerof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for taking into Confederation, Tomorrow, the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Rrfia, ligned at St. Petersburgh, the 4r i8or,

together with the other Papers relating thereto, pre-lented to the I louse by His Majesty's Command, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Convention and Papers be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

4

The other Order of the Day being read j

Rt'[lived, That this House will, upon IVedtiefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 10° die Novembris;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in tire Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and other lloads in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money now due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it 111 all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke. Wyndham, The Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, pasted in the 32d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, anti the 19th Year of the Reign of His prel. iU Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lale and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tint several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and duly applied, by the Trustees acting in Execution of the said Acts; which now remain due, anti cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in 2

a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so tire Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, the Earl 1Temple, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- St. Lfmnnl, cution an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better repairing the Highways, petition, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act is found in many Respects defective, and inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended, and on account of the various Improvements made within the said Parish, it would be advantageous for the Parishioners to enlarge the Powers, and explain and amend the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain and amend the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mai Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Marshampresented to the House, according Roc-better to Order, a Bill to enable the Wardens and Commo- presented!!* nalty of the New Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in Newgate in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, D^tors'petl-was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of tion. their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will not receive any Peti- Time limited tions for Private Bills, after the 19th Day of February pertir(^'jjns next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruaion who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- respecting suant to the Resolution which, upon Wednesday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Use of Salt, Dutyfree, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk, or in Barrels;

" for protecting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from " being impressed into His Majesty's Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings " exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards " now cured, whether exported or fold for Home Consumption," and was then agreed to by the House,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any

Orders

l o* Novembris.

*1

Orders for delivering Salt Duty-free for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

inftmftion The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Scotc^'spim*. 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, the " making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

" Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal,

44 Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland ,"might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 41 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

44 An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the First Session of Parliament that shall be begun and holden after the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and One, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of " Corn and other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the Brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called ,"might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon last,

were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, and to Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for further continuing the said first-mentioned Act.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire on Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report appointed. their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill respect- Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac-incuringFift, cording to Order, a Bill to revive and continue so much presented. of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in preserving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, and to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Report re- _ Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom

spefhngin- it was referred to consider of the several Motions made Peen7&c. in upon the 30th Day of October last, respecting the Inter-Election*. ference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House}

Vol. 57.

and he read the Report in his l*lace{, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That no Peer of this Realm, except such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as shall, for the Time being, be actually elected, and shall not have declined to serve, for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeey That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Peer or Prelate of Ireland, except such as shall, for the Time being, be actually elected, and shall not have declined to serve for any County, City, or Borough, of Great Britain, to concern themselves in the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, except only at such Elections where such Peer shall appear as a Candidate, or by himself or any others be proposed to be elected; or for any Lord Lieutenant, or Governor of any County, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commission to influence the Election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con- Referred tod federation of a Committee of the whole House. Committee of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- House.° ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Ditlllery cording to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His presented. present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses-or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal,

Flour, or Bran, in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to Gdhell writ, the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Cashell, in the room of Richard Bagwell, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, btfborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii,

18

n° Novemlfis.

A. 1801*

Southmolton Roads Petition, reported.

Mercuriiy 11° die Novembris;

Anno 420 Georgii IIItH Regis, 1801. Praters.

>IR William Elford reported from the Committee,) to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose iNames are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of , in the County of

Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his' Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And Mr. James Pearfe Junior, being examined, said. That several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and duly applied in the Execution of the said Acts; which now remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts which are near expiring, be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers- of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon: And that Sir William Elford, Mr. Orchardand Mr. Inglett do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com-reported. mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees

appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike' Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report' in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. John Moule being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money now due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from the West " End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey in the " Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain' *f other Roads leading out of the said Road, and for " making an additional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the " Dei'izesTurnpike Road at or near Brook,

" in the same Chapelry, ill in the said County:" And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Norwich Oastle in the City of Norwich, and in the Gaol of the p 0r^ said City, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the acting Trustees appointed in and Exeter Road* by an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several e wn* Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious, and for building a Bridge over the River Exe at or near Wear, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Act, have widened, amended, and repaired the several Roads therein mentioned, and have also re-built a Bridge over the River Exe, and made proper and convenient Avenues to the fame, as directed by the said Act; and that in carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, very considerable Sums of Money have necessarily been expended, and particularly in re-building such Bridge, and making such Avenues as aforesaid, an Expence has been incurred of nearly £. 21,000; and that by Reason thereof, and of the great Extent of the said Roads, being above 160 Miles, and the increased Price of Labour, added to the Difficulty and Expence of procuring Materials in several Parts of the fame, the said Roads in general cannot be kept in such a State of Repair as the Safety and Convenience of the Traveller, and the Laws of this Kingdom, require, and in some Parts are become so ruinous that they cannot by any Means be repaired by the present Resources of the Trust; and that the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, from Time to Time taken up large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads, lo that the several Sums borrowed on the Credit of the former Acts and of the said Act amount to £. 53,900; and that the several Tolls and Duties arising on the said Roads amount only to the Sum of £. 4,809 per Annum, or thereabouts, which, after paying the Sum of £. 2,156 to the Creditors for the Interest of the said Sum of £. 53,900, leaves only the Sum of £. 2,653, or thereabouts, to be applied to the Repairs of the said Roads, which the Petitioners find to be altogether insufficient for that Purpose; and that the said Act having limited the Interest of the Sums borrowed to Fourier Cent, the Petitioners have no Prospect of being able to raise any additional Sums for the Repair of the said Roads at that Rate of Interest; and that the Petitioners have caused an accurate Survey to be made of the said Roads, and, having examined able and skilful Persons respecting the State thereof, find that it will require a Sum not less than £. 12,000, to put them in good and proper Repair; and that the several Tolls and Duties already granted will be greatly inadequate to the Discharge of the Interest of the Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, or which may hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, and to the keeping the said Roads in good and proper Repair, and other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Trulls; and that it would tend greatly to further and facilitate the Execution thereof, if the Powers given by the said Act were explained, amended, and enlarged; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees nominated in the said Act for building a Bridge at Countess Wear, and for widening and repairing the Roads leading thereto, pro- cecded in the said Business, in which was expended the Sum of £.3,512. 1 or. which Money was borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and now remains due to the Creditors, with a considerable Sum for Interest: And

therefore

Bluhm's Nat. Petition.

Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation Petition, reported.

43 Gfio. III. 11° Novembrisi 19

therefore praying, that the said Act may be repealed, and that the House will be pleased to grant them a new Term, for the several Purposes herein mentioned, tq-gether with such further Sum and Sums of Money, and such additional Tolls and Duties, and such further and other Powers, as may be requisite and proper to enable them to put and keep the said Roads in a good and sufficient State of Repair, and to execute the said Trusts, in as effectual and beneficial a Manner as possible, and also to give them such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ,shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Sir William Elford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Henry was presented to the

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jeff'erys and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not strictly been complied with; the Bath Chronicle, dated the ill Day of 1801, in which

Notices of the intended Application to Parliament were inserted, being produced to the Committee, a Witness was examined, who said, that, although that Paper bears Date on ‘Thursday the ill Day of , it was actually

published and circulated on Wednesday the 30th Day of 'September, it being always customary with the Publisher of that Paper to publish and circulate the same on the Day preceding that on which it bears Date; and it appearing to the Committee, that the Parish of Southfioke, through which the Line of the intended Canal is to pass, was omitted in the Notices given in the Bath Chronicle on the 17th Day of September, the Witness, being further examined, said, that the same was omitted by Mif* take, but that the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Parish so omitted had severally given their Consents for their Lands to be taken for the Purposes of the intended Application; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish. of Bradford in the County of Wilts-, and also, an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to Vary and alter the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the said Act; were severally read: — And

Mr. William Bennet, being examined, laid, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in forming the said Canal, and executing other Works belonging to or connected therewith; in the doing of which they have expended all the Money they have been able to raile by Virtue of the said Acts, and have also contracted considerable Debts, which Hill remain due and owing: That in proceeding to make and complete ac. certain Von. 57,

Part of the said Canal, called The jbunkerton Line, the Petitioners have formed a Communication between the Upper and Lower Level, by a Whimfey or Jenny Road, and did intend to have formed a limilar Communication between the Upper and Lower Level, on the stock Line of Canal, which by the said firfb recited Act, they are empowered to make, in case they should find it expedient so to do, but, it is apprehended, that such Communications will be attended with great Loss,

Delay, and Inconvenience, to the Traders on the said Canal, and to the Public; and that it would be much more convenient and a considerable Saving to the Public, if the Lines of the said Canal were completed; and finished by a Water Communication, to be formed between the Upper and Lower Levels thereof; but the Petitioners find by examining the Lands, through which they are by the said Acts authorized to make the said Canal, that they cannot make such Water Communication, without being empowered to vary and alter the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal, in the Parishes of Coombhay and Southjloke in the said County of Somerset, and the Radjlock Line, in the Parish of Wellow in the same County: — And the Witness further said.

That, in order to enable the Petitioners to discharge their present Debts and Incumbrances, and also to make the said Water Communications, and to complete the said Undertaking, it is necessary that they should be enabled to raise such further Sums of Money as may be requisite; and that the Tonnage Rates, to be taken on Goods that shall be passed from the Upper to the Lower, and from the Lower to the Upper Levels of the said Lines of Canal, should be encreased: — And the Witness added, That the Powers of the said Acts have been found insufficient and defective, and it is necessary the same should be extended, altered, explained, and amended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Bertrand de Boubei di Brouquens, Brouqufns»

was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Nat. Petition Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Robinson (from Account, &a the London Dock Company) attended at the Door, he of London was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ^Cpref°Stedi pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the London Dock Company, including the Expences of a Committee of Merchants of London, soliciting an Act, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons,

" Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and " Revenue, within the Port of Lo," from the 5th of January 1796 to the 31st of May 1801: And also,

A Report of the Court of Directors of the London Dock Company, relative to the Progress of the Works.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill respecti Reading of the Bill to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His pre- committed. sent Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt,

Duty-free, in preserving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, and

to

to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the-Purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Distilltry Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Dutie^ Bill, Reading of the Bill to continue so much of an Act, committed.' made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Diilillersi or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordinary and Ex-Ordinary"and traordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for the Three Extra Navy, first Lunar Months, commencing the ift January 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Transport Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money that will Service, &c. be necessary for Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the ift January and 25th March 1802, being Three Lunar Months, be referred to the said Committee, sick Ordered, That the Estimate of what Money may pro-

Prdoner*. bably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for Three Lunar Months, in the Year 1802, commencing the ift of January, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. s

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Wayi and to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mean*. *

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may havfe Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grain, Meal, Flour, and Rice, exported from Great Britain, between the 5th January 1801 and the 10th October following; distinguishing the Countries

into which, and the Ports where, exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grain, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great Britain, between the 5th January 1801, and the 10th October following; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Grain, Flour, Meal, Malt, and Rice, imported into, and exported from, Ireland, from the 25th March 1790, to the latest Period the fame can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. !i

Jovts, 12® die;

Anno 42® Georgii IIitU Regis, 1801.

Pr AY ERS.

MR. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution Two Acts, palfed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Know/e Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to C/eo-bury Mortimer , and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Robinson being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the said Roads; and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains due, which cannot be

re-paid.

Accounts ot Grain, See. Exported and Imported, ordered.

Tenbury Roads Petition, reported.

re-paid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls encreased, and some further and other Rowers granted for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Z2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of in the Coun-

ties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties: And that Mr. IVigley, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

'ferouquens' Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according *resented to Order> a Bill for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee

p n ' de Brouquens: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report <m The House was moved, That the Report which was Otti'cma/1* Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe-Navigation tition of the Company of Proprietors of the Somerset-te*committed. shire Coal Canal Navigation, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Account* of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ao-count Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out 0 by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and which are now outstanding and undischarged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hdufe, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred," and which are now outstanding and undischarged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " rail'c the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and which are now Outstanding and undischarged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Six " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, " for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One," and which are now outstanding and undischarged.

Lift of certain Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House,

counont*,* A Lift of Public Accountants, in respect of whom presented.' the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; directed to be made out in pursuance of the Act of 39th-40th of His present Majesty, Cap. 54. *

VOL. 57.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid lift is inserted in the Appendix to this

Volume. (No. 6.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Distiiiery and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, duties upon the Bill to Continue so much of an Act, made in 1 ekire the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reduCirtg the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits j for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Sessioil of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committed on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill refining House, upon the Bill to revive and continue so much ^ring Kith" of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt,

Duty-free, in preserving Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, and to indemnity ah Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders, for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Com- terfererfee of mittee, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Pefr‘. &c. in Motions, made upon the 30th Day of October last, re- deferred.* spefting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ¥uefday MoTmng next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supp'/-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Ten *»*/ Thousand Six Hundred and Four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of January 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy. That a Sum, nut exceeding Two Hundred and Thirty-three Thousand Six Hundred and Thjrty-three Pounds,

G be

11° Novembris. 1801.

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of the Navy, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the i ft Day of 1802.

Transport Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Strvite, &c. That a Sum not exceeding Three Hundred and Sixty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisonets of War in Health, for Three Lunar Months, commencing the ift Day of

1802.

sick Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pnloner*. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for Three Lamar Months, commencing the ift.Day of January 1802. t The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rer>ort Ways Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's'fable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Malt. R ‘/lived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 41st Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of June

1803.

Tux on Ptn- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lions, See. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1802, upon Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

I> on Sur-ir, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, M,:t, Tobnc- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, c°, and Snuff, the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts, made in the 27th, 34th, and 37th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the 29 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which, by an Act made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, have Continuance until the 25th Day of March 1802, be further continued until the 25th Day of March 1803.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Pybus, Lord George TMr. Bond, Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the Jamc.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Second and Third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pvbus, Lord George Thynne, Mr. , Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Thinks this House be given to Admiral the Right Honourable ArmyTem-Lord Keith, Knight of the most Honourable Order of Ployfd.in the the Bath, for the Ability and Perseverance with which he maintained his Station on the Coast of Egypt, and for the effectual Assistance rendered by his Exertions to the Army in that Country, in the several important Services wherein it has been employed, which to essentially contributed to the final Success- of the Cam* paign.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks ol this House be given to Rear Admiral John Blankett, and tq the Captains and Officers of the Squadron employed on the Coasts of the Red Sea, for the Zeal, Activity, and Perseverance, manifested by them in their Co-operation with the Army in Egypt: And that Vice Admiral Peter Rainier, Commander in Chief of the said Squadron, be desired to signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admirals Sir Richard Bickerton, Baronet, and Sir John Borlafe Warren, Baronet,

Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, for the Zeal,

Activity, and Perseverance, manifested by them in their Co-operation with the Army in Egypt, in the several important Services on which it has been employed; And that his Lordship be desired to signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen and Marines on Board the Ships and Vessels under the Command of Admiral Lord Keith, and Vice Admiral Rainier, in the effectual Assistance afforded by them to the Army in Egypt, in the several important Services on which it has been employed: And that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to '

their respective Crews, and thank them for their meritorious Conduct.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of -this House be given to Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Hely Hutchinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the Ability, Zeal, and Perseverance, so eminently manifested by him in the Command of the Army serving in Egypt, by which the Honour of the BritiJli Nation has been so signally upheld, and additional Lultre reflected on the Reputation of the BritiJli Arms.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Major Generals Eyre Code, John Francis Cradock, the Honourable George James,

John Moore, Rickard Earl of Cavan, David Baird, the Honourable Edward Finch, and to Brigadier Generals John Stewart, the Honourable John Hope, John Doyle,

John Blake, Hildebrand Oakes, and Robert Lawson, and the several Officers of the Army, for their gallant, meritorious, and distinguished Services, under the Command of Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Hely Hutchinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, by which the Honour of the British Nation, has been so signally upheld, and additional Lustre re-flc<sted on the Reputation of the British Arms.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Zeal, Discipline, and Intrepidity, uniformly displayed during the arduous and memorable Operations of the Army in Egypt, by the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers serving under the Command of Lieutenant General the Honourable Sir John Hely Hutchinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath: And that the same be signified by the Commanders of the several Corps; who are desired to thank them for their exemplary and gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Re(o-lutions to Admiral Lord Keith, Vice Admiral Rainier,

and

Somersetshire

Coal Canal x

Navigation

rt-coTimitted

Petition,

Kported.

and the Honourable Lieutenant General Sir John Hutchinson, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V erteris, 13" di Novembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III*14 Regis, 1801.

Pa AYERS.

MR. Gore Langton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coal

Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except that the Parish of through which the Line of Canal is intended to pals, for about the Length of 600 Yards, was, byMiftake, omitted in the first Notices inserted in the Chronicle on the 17th Day of September; but that all the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in that Parish, through which the Line of Canal is intended to pais, had given their Con-fents for their Lands to be taken for the Purposes of the intended Undertaking); and that the Committee had thought it right to observe that the last Notices given of the said intended Undertaking were inserted in the Bath Chronicle, bearing Date the ill Day of QElober, but that it had been proved to the Committee, that, according to the established Practice of the Editor of that Paper, the same was pubJished on the Day preceding the Day of its Date, and so in fact had its Publication within the Month of September; and that the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. 1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from several Collieries, in the County of to communicate

with the intended Kernel and Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of and also, an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the said Act; were severally read: And,

Mr. William Bennet being examined, said. That the

Petitioners have made great Progress in forming the said Canal, and executing other Works belonging to or connected therewith; in the doing of which they have expended all the Money they have been able to raise by virtue of the said Acts, and have also confradted con-lidurable Debts which still remain due, and owing. — That, in proceeding to make and complete a certain Part of the said Canal, called The Line, the Peti-

tioners have formed a Communication between the Upper and Lower Level by a Whimfey or Jenny Road, and did intend to have formed a similar Communication between the Upper and Ixiwer Level on the Line of Canal, which by the said first recited Act, they are empowered to make in case they should find it expedient so to do: But it is apprehended that such Communications will be attended with great Lois, Delay, and Inconvenience to the Traders on the said Canal, and to the Public; and that it would be much more convenient, and a contiderable Saving to the Public, if the Lines of the said Canal, were completed and finished by Voi., 57.

a Water Communication to be formed between the Lower and Upper Levels thereof; but the Petitioners find by examining the Lands through which they are by the said Acts authorized to make the said Canal, that they cannot make such Water Communication without being empowered to vary and alter the DunkertonLine of the said Canal, in the Parishes of and

Jioke, in the said County of Somerset, and the Line, in the Parish of Wellow, in the same County. — And, the Witness further said. That in order to enable the Petitioners to discharge their present Debts and Incumbrances, and also to make the said Water Communications, and to complete the said Undertaking, it is necessary that they should be enabled to raise such further Sums of Money as may be requisite, and that the Tonnage Rates to be taken on Goods that shall be passed from the Upper to the Lower, and from the Lower to the Upper Levels of the said Lines of Canal, should be encrealed. — And, the Witness added, That the Powers of the said Acts have been found insufficient and defective, and it is necessary the same should be extended, altered, explained, and amended.

Ordered That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. PenruJdoeke Wyndhampresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the aoth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Sc end Street to " the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the " County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out " of the said Road, and for making an additional Road " from the said Road, in the Chapelryof Seend, to communicatewith the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near " Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said " County:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Elford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lafe and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of Southmo/ton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the Town of Dundee, for themselves, and on Behalf of

the Community of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in 1707, an Imposition of Two Pennies Scots (over and above the Duty of Excise) was laid upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, tapped, vended, and fold, within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for paying off, and discharging, such public Debts as had then been incurred on several Occasions by the said Town, which Act was continued and amended by certain Acts, passed in the 4th and 20th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Money arising by the said Duty hath been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works thereby directed to be done, whereby a considerable Debt is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be paid oft' and the Repairs, and other necessary Works, by the said Acts directed to be done, carried on, and completed, unless the Term and Powers by the said Acts granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and

enlarge

Seend Roads Bill, presented.

SouthmoJton Rotds Bill, presented.

Dundee Twopennies Scots Petition.

Milt Bill, presented.

Penftont, &c. Duty Bill, pre lotted.

Bill re Inking Suit ukd in curing Fish, reported.

Account of Exchequer Bills,

presented.

Appendix,

(No. 7 )

St. Leonard, Sho-rditch, Paving Petition, reported.

enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, upon such Terms and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Montgomery, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Perl'onal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thou-Cmd Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Hill' be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in preserving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, and to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke (from the Exchequer Bill Office) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of sundry Exchequer Bills outstanding and undischarged.

And then he withdrew.

-And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the'Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, there, and regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had- not been complied with; but that Notice of the intended Application for the Purposes mentioned in the Petition was given on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Middlesex at the Time of the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and that Notice was also given in the Paper called The Oracle and Daily Jdvertifer of the 19th, 20th, and 21st of last,

and also in The Morning Herald of the 23d, 26th, and 28th of October last, the Trustees not having come to any Determination to apply to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the Petition until the 8th of October last, and apprehending that the said Orders did not extend to such Applications, it being only to enlarge and amend the Powers of the former Act; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition ;'and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethviz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Robert Davies, Esquire, being examined, said. That the said Act is found in many Respects defective, and inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended: — And being further examined, he said. That since the passing of the Act, several new Streets and other Improvements have been made, which has occasioned an Increase of at least 1,500 Houses and other Buildings; and that it will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if Powers were given to pave and keep in repair all such of the said several Streets, Highways, and Foot Paths within the said Parish, as are not included in any other Paving or Turnpike Act, and to remove Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: — And the Witness added. That it will be necessary for those Purposes to have a Power to increase the Rate raised by virtue of the former Act. — Then,

Thomas Taylor, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 18,02, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftirnate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25 th December 180 c to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Committee of* Supply.

Estimates, &ct referred. Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the

Plantations,

&c.

General and Staff Officers, See.

'Particulars of General and Stalf Officers, fcc.

Troops In East India.

Recruiting for D°.

Contingencies for Land Forces, &c.

Embodied Militia, See.

Contingencies for J>.

Full Pay to

Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances

to certain Officers.

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers, &cc.

JiufPay.

J>.

D".

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of " the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and " Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in " that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain,

}' from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both

" inclusive, being 90 Days," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance for W atch Coats for the Infantry in Great Britain and on Foreign Stations; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March

1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the 'Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain,

O '

for Small Beer, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December i8ox to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of The States General, from the 23th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Vo 1.57.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out- Ciiclfea Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25 th December 1801 Pcu 10ners‘ to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In- D° --In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of Pensioner* the said Hospital, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions Widows to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, Pen(l011s* in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volun- Volunteer teer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United King- Corps" dom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ciiarge of the Bar- Barrack Derack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom Partnwnt* called Great Britain, from the 23th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th of Corps* December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reifled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Convention Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of with Ruiila, Russia, signed at St. Petersburghthe June 1801, to- audAddreft gether with the other Papers relating thereto, presented thereupon, to the House, by His Majesty's Command.

And the said Convention, and Papers, were read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been graciously pleased to communicate to them the Convention entered into by His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, to which the Kings

of Denmark and Szveden have declared their Readiness , to accede: To express our grateful Sente of the happy Issue of His Majesty's Exertions in Support of the Maritime Interests of this Kingdom, by which the essential Rights for which we have contended are effectually

H secured.

u.

Daventry

Incioiurc

Petition.

Rochester Bridge Bill, committed.

Report

Supply.

Land Forces.

26

13 140 Novembris.

A. 1801.

secured, and Provision made, that the Exercise of them should be attended with as little Molestation as possible to the Navigation and Commerce of the contracting Powers.

Ordered \That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14° di Novembris;

Anno 42* Georgii III'" Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beiqg the Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie inconveniently intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, upon such Terms, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinsand Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Marsham, Sir William Geary, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Seven Thou-fiind One Hundred and Seventy-live Invalids, not exceeding Fifty-eight Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighteen effective Men, Commissioned and Non-com-uiiffioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great , and in

Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, Tout it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of land Forces, including Six Hundred and Sixty-one Invalids, not exceeding Eighteen Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of 1801 to the

24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Fifty-seven Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifty-eight Thousand, Seven Hundred and Eighteen effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great and in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay, and daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty-seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-seven Popnds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eighteen Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty effective Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, to be maintained in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Thirty-four Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay and daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot stationed in Great Britain for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry, and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the

25th

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in Ireland.

J> ----- --in

Plantations,

&c.

Recruiting for Troops in East India.

Contingencies, &c.for Land Forces.

D\

General and Staff Officers.

Embodied

Militia*

Contingencies for D°*

D°.

Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances

to certain Officers.

Subsistence to

Innkeepers,

&c.

45th Day of December 1861 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one Thousand Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in GuernfeyJersey, and Alderney, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Seventy nine Thousand One Hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of 1802,

both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Forty-six Thousand Two Hundred and Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both ipelufive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Two Hundred Fifty three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, viz. to the Paymaster General, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, and to the Comptrollers of the Ac-cornpts of the Army, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Five Thousand Pounds, be grahted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, and she Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United

VO L.57.

Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee, ^uced. That a. Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four Thousand Two 0 cer*' c‘ Hundred Seventy-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances to One Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Half fray. That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand Seven Hundred Ninety-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Forty- ^uh*Bri-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted gade. to His Majesty, on Account of several Officers late in the Service of The States General, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chelsea That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six Thousand Six Hospital* Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, widow* That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Two P«nfivn*. Hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the lame, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, volunteer. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Eighty Corps. Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Eight Thousand Three Hundred Sixty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Barrack That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty-six DePartment-Thousand One Hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foreign That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Seventeen Corps. Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Nineteen

Shillings

Ordnance.

Do.

Provision for paying Exchequer Bills.

Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Bill to repeal Stale Bread Act, ordered.

P.ill r*fprlt-i:ig Salt u'c'd in < M ing Fish, p (Led.

28 14° — 16°

Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Months of,

and March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, for the Months of January, February, and March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisly all the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the " Sum of Three Millions' Five Hundred Thousand " Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and of another Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the further Sum of Three " Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred," and also of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the " Sum of Two Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and also of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred " Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One," amounting to the Sum of Eight Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, and which are now outstanding and undischarged.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Tune, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Detention; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of " One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from " thence to the End of Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, " any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which " shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to epeal the said Act; and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or exposed to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act: And that Mr. Tierney and Mr. James Martin do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in prclerving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, and to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, 2

Novembris. 1801*

for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-fu ll Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt Duty-free in preserving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Novembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Afley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 51 Acres; and that the whole Property cou-fists of 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Billl; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

then

Malt Bill, committed.

Pensions, 8sc. Duty Bill, committed.

Tuddenham Inclosure Bill, reported.

Truro Roads and Bridge Petition.

Tenbury Roads Bill, presented.

Bluhm'3 Nat. Bill, prefefitecl.

Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation Bill, ordered.

42 Geo. III. 16° Novembris.

29

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Joufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

the said Canat; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr.

J'on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 13th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several lloads leading from, and near, the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building a Bridge over the River at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and also another Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said recited Act, and for more effftually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro aforesaid, to the Roads leading from ShortlanesEnid, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to

Callejlock Burrow, and from the Two Burrows, in the said Parish, to PerranAlms House, and from the Three Burrows, in the said Parish, to Agnes Alms House, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums-of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of which there now remains due the Sum of £.3,150, and the same cannot be repaid, nor can the said Bridge and Roads be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to thcrii, to the I ioufe:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Hawkins, Sir liam Elf or d, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wigleypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two A<5ls, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 22c! Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of in

the Counties of Salop, Worccffcr, and Hereford, and also

the Roads leading from the Gate to the Turn-

pike Road on the C'leeHill, leading from Ludlow to Clcobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill, to the Turnpike Road_ leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jefferys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Henry And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coal

Canal Navigation, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter the Lines of VOL. 57.

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Chairman and Deputy Chair- ti°a, reported, man of the West India Dock Company, on Behalf of the said Company, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and Inhabitants near the prcnoled Roads thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Baker, being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road or Communication between the City of London, and the West India Docks, situate at the Iof Dogs, will be of very great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and tend to encrease the Utility of the said Docks, and be of great public Benefit and Convenience: — That such Communication may be effected by making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining a convenient C.uriage Road from the said Docks to the Pavement in Church Street near Whitechapel, and by making a Branch therefrom at or near RoJ'e Lane, to Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex, and also by opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road, to the West End of A lie Street, Goodman's Fields, and from thence through ‘Somerset into

Whitechapel, in the said County of iXIiddlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London: — That in order to render the said intended Road commodious at , or near Lime houseChurch, it will be necessary to lay a Part of the present Cemetery or Church Yard into the public Way, and expedient to have Powers to purci.afe other Land and Premises contiguous thereto, to be conveyed in lieu or exchange for the fame: — And the Witness further said. That it will be definable that the said Roads, should be watched, lighted, and watered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church' Lane, or Church Street, IVhand also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Anne, all

in the County of Middlesex-, and also lor opening, widening, and improving, certain S;rcets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through '

Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Aylie

Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of don: And that Mr. Mduicaring and Mr. do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Leave for Fi -iday last, was made from the Committee to whom the N<-:>ccs for Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution shorcdi'teh)' -an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Paving. Majesty, for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages,

I and

£.11 to rrpcal the Male £r w Atfl, presented.

Commitfee on Malt Bill.

Infiructions.

C omijiitreeon PenlMHU, &c. Duty Bill.

16° Novembris. j4. 1801.

and Courts there, and regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given in some one Newspaper of the County of Middlesex, Three Times at lead in the present Month of November and in the Month of December next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition;

Air. Tierney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence " to the End of Six Weeks next after the Commence-" ment of the then next Session of Parliament, any " Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall " not have been baked Twenty-four Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or cxpoled to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1S02, of the Incomes of the Duties on M i!t granted for the Year 1800, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1802.

Then the I Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in Engl and, IFales, and the Town of Berwick

upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Smjff,- for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Duty granted on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year i8co, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1802.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to restify last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for LoJf,!1*3 ^£1° " granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for ordered. " the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in the said Act: And that Mr. Nicholas Fjit tart, Mr. Bliley Addington, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Mon°yniirued Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac- pursuant to count of all Sums of Money which have been issued by Addresses. His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Honourable Barbara Cockayne - Medlvcott'*

lycott, was presented to the House, and read; Setting pN;ime forth. That Thomas Medlycott, late of in etltion‘

Northampton/ldre, deceased, being seised in Fee of a considerable Real Estate, did, by his Will, bearing Date on the 20th Day of June 1760, duly made and executed, devise all the Residue of his Real and Personal Estate, after Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Expences, to William Hanbury and Ambrose Ifled, Esquires, and their Heirs, on the Trusts hereafter mentioned; that is to say. On Trust to pay the Rents and Profits thereof unto such Persons as his Daughter Ann Barbara Hill therein described should appoint, for her separate Use, for her Life, with Remainder to the First and other Sons of his said Daughter in Tail Male successively, with Remainder to his Daughter Elizabeth Hill, for her separate Use, for her Life; with Remainder to her First and other Sons in Tail Alale successively;

Remainder to Ann Hill, ejdeft Daughter of the said Ann Barbara Hill, for her Life, for her separate Use;

Remainder to her First and other Sons in Tail Alale successively; with Remainder to Barbara Hill, Second Daughter of the Testator's laid Daughter, Ann Barbara Hill, for her Life, by a Direction in the said Will, to pay the Rents, Iilucs, and Profits, of the said Real Estates and Premises, to such Person or Persons, and for such Intents and Purposes, as the said Barbara Hill,

Second Daughter of the Testator's laid Daughter,

Barbara Hill, whether file be Covert or Sole, by any Note or Writing under her Hand, should from Time to Time direct or appoint; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Barbara Hill, the Second Daughter of the Testator's said Daughter Barbara

O O

42 Geo. III.

16° — 170 Novembris.

31

Hill, in Tail Male successively; with divers Remainders suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. over-: In which said Will there is a Proviso, that the Dickins and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in,

First and every other Son of his said Daughter Ann the lame.

Barbara Hill, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, and his and their several and respective Heirs Male, as he or they should, by virtue of the Limitations in his said Will, respectively come unto and be in the actual Posscflion of the said Premises, or

be actually entitled to receive the Rents* Issues, and Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Profits of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, should and do take The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee of upon him or them, and always bear the Surname of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ??ays Medlycutty and also shall bear and quarter the Arms of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Medlycott, and write or subscribe him or themselves, in Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deterred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon

Means.

all Deeds and Writings, by the Surname of Medlycott, and shall and do use his and their Endeavours to obtain and procure an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, within the Space of Two Years next after he or they shall severally and respectively come unto and be in the actual Possession of the said Premises, or be entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, or either of any of them and in default or neglect thereof by them, or any of them, within such respective Time as aforesaid, then all and singular the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby devised in Manner aforesaid, or intended so to be, should go and be veiled in such Persons as should, by virtue of the Limitations in the said Will, be next entitled to the Possession of the said Premises, as in case such Person so refusing or nc-

gledting to take upon him the Surname, and bearing have Leave to fit again.

the Account of sundry Exchequer Rills outstanding and undischarged, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brag.ge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come toaResolutionj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may

Account of Exchequer Bills, referred*

the Arms of Medlycott, had been aCUmily dead: And whereas the said Testator, Thomas Medlycott, afterwards died without revoking or altering the Devises and Limitations aforesaid, and loon afterwards the Trustees in the said Y\ ill being also his Executors, proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and took Possession of the Testator's Real Estates, and paid the Rents and Profits of the Residue of the Testator's Real and Personal Estates, after Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Expences, or subject thereto, to the Teltator's said Daughter Ann Barbara Hill, for her separate Use, or permitted her, exclusive of her Husband, to receive the same during her Lite, (he having procured, within the Time limited for that Purpose, an Act of Parliament for enabling her to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Medlycott, and Ihe continued in Possession, during her Life, for her separate Use, of such Residue as aforesaid; anest being so in Polfdhon, departed this Life on the ioth Day of August 1800, without Issue Male: And whereas tiic said Elizabeth the Tef-

tator's said youngest Daughter, and the said Ann Hill the eldest Daughter of the said Ann Barbara Medlycott, both of them died in the Lifetime of the Tellator's said Daughter Ann Barbara Hill without

either of them leaving any Issue Male, whereby the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mea/is for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Novembris l

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

7

PR A Y Eft S.

OHN Rertrand de Boubee de Brouquens took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Brouqueni

fwora.

Mr. Gore Langtou presented to the House, according Somersetshire to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprie- Navigation, tors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money

Blit presented.

equitable Ellate in the said Residue of the said Tef- for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter

a.a.i-- rv._ti. ~r u~ rr„r anj amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

tator's Real Ellate, did, upon the Death of the Testator's said eldest Daughter, remain and become veiled in Possession in the Petitioner, now the Wife of the Honourable William Cockayne, by and under the Devises and Limitations in the said Will, to her by her then Name and Description of Barbara Hill, Second Daughter of the Testator's said Daughter Ann Barbara and thereupon the Rents and Prefits of the said Estates have been applied to her separate Use, pursuant to the Trulls of the said Will, and the Proviso for taking and tiling the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, and for procuring an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, having attached upon her, Ihe is desirous of obtaining an Act of Parliament for enabling her so to do: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to take and use the Surname and Arms oi Electyccpurluant to the Will of her Grand-

father Thomas Med'ycott, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-VOL. 57.

Brouqueni Nat. Bill, committed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee de Brouquens, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Southmolton Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Roads Bill, Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th Year of comnutte the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, "iden-ing, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon itwas read a Second Time.

Resolved,

170 Novembris. A. 1801.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

J #

Elford, Mr. Baring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

S.tnd R0aj, A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, Bill, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of llis present Ma-commuted. intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from the West- End of Send Street to the llorfe and Jockey " in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and " certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, and " for making an additional Road from the said Road, " in the Chapciry of Send, to communicate with the " Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somsrham Brook, " in the same Chapciry, all in the said County," was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Goddard, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to rectify Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac-L)ul'ltakAa' cording to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, prcicimd. 1 made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of " Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised " by a Lottery And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mnlt Bill, Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee . had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-greifed.

Prnfions, &c.

Duty Dili, reported.

Mr. Bragge, according ta Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pcn-fions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I souse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Rrxort w.ivs Mr. Bragge, according Order, reported from the ami Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person interested in, or entitled unto, any Exchequer Bill or Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the " Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand " Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Eight hundred;" and also, of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising the further Sum of Three Millions,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Eight hundred ;" and of another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of " Two Millions, for the Uses and Purpose-s therein " mentioned;" and also, of another Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " the Sum of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand " Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight " hundred and One;" who shall, on or before the 24th Day of November 1801, carry the same to the Office of the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, shall have, in Exchange for the fame, a Certificate or Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, which Certificate or Certificates shall entitle such Person or Persons to Capital Stock in the Annuities herein after mentioned, for every One Hundred Pounds contained in such Certificate or Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum; that is to say, To 25 Capital Stock in Annuities, after the Rate of £.5 Centum per

Annum, to be added to those granted by an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the loth Day of 1801 j

to jf. 50 Capital Stock in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1801; to £.25 Capital Stock in Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of f. 3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1801 j to £. 25 Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the

Rate of f. 3 per Centrum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of October t8oi; and to an Annuity of One Shilling and Nine Pence, to continue for a certain Term of Fifty-eight Years and Three Months, from the 10th Day of October 1801, and then to cease:

That every Person, possessed of any such Exchequer Bills, who shall bedefirousof subscribing or contributing the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds contained therein, shall, on or before the 24th Day of November 1801, make a Deposit of 25 Centum, on such Sum as he or ftie shall chuse to l'ubscribe, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments, on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say,

£.2$ perCentum on or before the 1 Stli Day of her then next following: And

£. 50 per Centum on or before the 15th Day of January 1802:

That every such Contributor shall, for every £ go so contributed and psid, be entitled to the Sum of 12. 10 Capital Stock, in the said Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum-, to £. 25 Capital Stock in the said Annuities, after the Rate ofjf.4 per Centum per Annum-, to £. 12. ior. Capital Stock, in the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum . per Annum-, to £.12. ior. Capital Stock, in the said Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum; and to an Annuity of Ten Pence Halfpenny,

to

42 Geo. III. \*]°'Novembris. 33.

to continue for the said Terra of Fifty-eight Years and Three Months, and then to cease:

That the said respective Annuities shall be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the said several Annuities already established are now redeemable by Parliament, and shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain:

That all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be applied in the Payment and Discharge of the Interest that may be due and payable on the said Exchequer Bills, to the 24th Day of November 1801, and of the Principal Sums contained in such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall be in the Possession of the said Governor and Company, or of any other Person or Persons who may not chuse to fund the fame, together with the Interest that may be due thereupon to the respective Days on which the Principal Sums contained therein shall be paid off and discharged; and if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said'Cashier or Cashiers, the same shall be forthwith paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at to be applied to such Services, for Britain, as

shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, at any Time on or before the 17th Day of December 1801, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of /. 5 per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the respective Days on which any such Payment would have become due, as hereinbefore-mentioned.

The said Relbiution being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " Twenty-fourth," in the second Paragraph, and inserting the Word " Twenty-sixth" instead tiicreof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Ilesolution, so amended. That every Person interested in, or entitled unto, any Exchequer Bill or Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for raising the Sum of Three " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred and also, of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising the further Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Eight hundred and of another Abt, passed ' in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two " Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned ;" and also, of another Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum " of Six Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " Britain, lor the Year One thousand Eight hundred and " One," wiio shall, on or before the 24th Day of November 1801, carry the same to the Office of the Pay-master of Exchequer Bills, shall have, in Exchange for the fame, a Certificate or Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, which Certificate or Certificates shall entitle such Person or Persons to Capital Stock in the Annuities herein after mentioned, for every One Hundred Pounds contained in such Certificate or Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum; that is to say; — To/. 23 Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of /. 5 per Centum per to be added to

those granted by an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Vol. 57.

Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the 10th Day of October 1801; to/.50 Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of /. 4 ter Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1801; to /.25 Capital Sto^k in Consolidated Annuities, after the Kate of/.3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1801; to/'. 25 Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of/. 3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1801; and, to an Annuity of One Shilling and Nine Pence, to continue for a certain Term of Fifty-eight Years and Three Months, from the 10th Day of October 1801, and then to cease:

That every Person possessed of any such Exchequer Bills, who shall be desirous of subscribing or contribute ing the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds contained therein, shall, on or before the 26th Day of November 1801, make a Deposit of /. 25 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to lubscribe with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for. making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say,

/. 25 per Centum on or before the 18th Day of December then next following; and /.50 per Centum on or before the 15th Day of January 1802:

That every such Contributor shall, for every /.50 so contributed and paid, be entitled to the Sum of /. 12. ior. Capital Stock in the said Annuities, after the Rate of £.$ per Centum per; to /. 25

Capital Stock in the said Annuities, after the Rate of /. 4 per Centum per Annum; to /. 12. ioj. Capital Stock in the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of /.3 per Centum per Annum', to /. 12. 1 Capital Stock in the said Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of /. 3 per Centum per Annum; and, to an Annuity of Ten Pence Halfpenny, to continue for the said Terrti of Fifty-eight Years and Three Months, and then to cease:

That the said respective Annuities shall be added to, and made one joint Stock with, and be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the said several Annuities already established are now redeemable by Parliament, and shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain:

That all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be applied in the Payment and Discharge of the Interest that may be due and payable on the said Exchequer Bills to the 24th Day of i8ot, and of the Principal Sums contained in such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall be in the Post'ession of the said Governor and Company, or of any other Person or Persons who may not chuse to fund the lame, together with the Interest that may be due thereupon to the respective Days on which the Principal Sums contained therein shall be paid oft'and discharged; and if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers, the same shall be forthwith paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at to be applied to

such Services for Great Britain as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, at any Time on or before the 17 th Day of December 1801, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of/. 5 per Centum per Annum on the Sum so advanced, for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fund to the respective Days on which any such Payment would have become due, as hereinbefore-mentioned.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Lord George

Thymic, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

K. General,

170 Novembris.

EfHmatet p re Tented:

Convict*.

French

Emigrants,

Slc.

Seeret Services.

Apftnlixr. (No. 8.)

C«'mm:ttee on

34

General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Months of ‘January, February, and March, 1802: Anil also.

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, and American Loyalists, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read. Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A. 1801.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to *rVtIieBre»d itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Act. upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 41st Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from thence " to the End of Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any " Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall " not have bean baked Twenty-four Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or cxpoled to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Calcrafttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Calcraft accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, it the said Bill shall be then in-grolied.

Cofr.TT.it tie on Rrport rtf}*c r ing Interference of Pet rs, fere.

:n Elections.

Cr dered. That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve iticif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Motions made upon the 30th Day of October last, re!{>cdting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I Ioule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Si>,yih took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Peer of this Realm, except such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as shall, for the Time being, be actually elected, and shall not have declined to serve, for any County, City, or Borough of Great Britain, hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom, for any Lord of Parliament, or other Peer or Prdate, not being a Peer of Ireland at the Time elected, and' not having declined to serve for any County, City, or Borough of Great Britain, to concern himself in the Election of Members to lerve for the Commons in Parliament, except only any Peer of Ireland at such Eiedtions in Great Britain respectively, where such Peer shall appear as a Candidate, or by himself or any other! be proposed to be elected; or for any Lord Lieutenant cr Governor of any County, to avail himself of any Authority derived from his Commission, to ififluence the Election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pur* Account of suant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, FlXbrought

An Account of the Payments made in consequence to London, of the Act 41 Geo. III. Cap. 49, intituled, "An Act &c'Prefcated* " for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish " to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other " Places in the United Kingdom."

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayMorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bilk deferred. House, upon the Bill to continue To much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal,

Flour, or Bran, in Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

Answers to Addreii'es.

krifldl Writ.

irttidUtiU* Mat. Bill, rfcportedi

uddenhatn Inclosure Bill, poiTed.

Triiro Roads and Bridge Petition, ©ported.

4z Geo. III. 18* Novembris. 3 5

That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Mercurii l8° die Novembris; Siding Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike

Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied Anno 42* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1801. with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the Praters. fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in that their Address of Friday last (to return His at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been gra- as folio we th; viz.

ciously pleased to communicate to them the Convention To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the entered into by His Majesty and the Emperor of Rnjfia, isaid Acts were read: And _ to which, the Kings of Denmark and Sweden have dc- Mr. Jonah , Junior; being examined, said;

dared their Readiness to accede: To express our grate- That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of ful Sense of the happy Issue of His Majesty's Exertions the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of in Support of the Maritime Interests of this Kingdom, Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of by which the elTcntial Rights for which we have con- which there now remains due the Sum of 5°» tended are effectually secured, and Provision made, that and the same cannot be fepaid, nor can the said Bridge the Exercise of them should be attended with as little and Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair,

Molestation as possible to the Navigation and Commerce unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, the Powers of the contracting Powers) had been presented to His thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive granted, encreased.

the same very graciously. Orde, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the that their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty Powers of Two Acts, the one passed in the 13th Year would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually Account therein mentioned might be laid before this amending several Roads leading from, and near, the Bo-House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that rough of Truro, in the County of and for

His Majesty hod commanded him to acquaint this building, 'and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the House, that He Will give Directions accordingly. River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of Ordered, That Mh Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Provisions of the said former Act to the several other the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parlia- Roads therein described: And that Sir Christopher Haw-ment, for the City of Bristol, in the room of Charles kins, Mr. Nicholls, and Mr. Lemon, do prepare, and bring Bragge, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Trea- in, the fame, surer of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second t^rectify , Mr. AJiley reported from the Committee, to whom Reading of the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made Lottery Act, the Bill for naturalizing John Bertrand de Bottbei de in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act committed. Brouquens, was committed; That the Committee had exa- for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money . mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same " for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lbt-to be true; and that the Committee had directed him tery, M be now read.

to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- And the said Order being read accordingly; ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk‘a The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Table. Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Ordered, That the Bill ba ingrossed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House*

An lngrofled Bill fof dividing, allotting, and irt- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, doling, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Grounds, within the Parish of Eafi Tuddenhtm, in the upon the said Bill.

County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time. . '

RefsH'ed} That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ^tdBllI» be. An Act, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and p Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, the Parish of BaJI Tuddenham, in the County of Nor- Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year folk. One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

Ordered, That Mr. AJiley do carry the Bill to the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The laid Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Sir Christopher Hawkins reported from the Committee, be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- certain Duties upon Malt, Muni, Cyder, and Perry, for ting in Execution an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually and Two.

amending several Roads leading from, and near, the Ordered, That Mr. Hiley Addington do carry the Bill Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, building a Bridge over the River at a Place called The 1

Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and also another Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third P*nsion*,&c. Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said recited granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices,

Act, and for more effectually amending several Roads and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town leading from the Borough of Truro aforesaid, to the of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar,

Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year Kemcyit, to Cal/eftockBurrozv, and from the Two Bur- One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now

rows, in the said Parish, to Penan Alms House, and read.

from the Three Burrows, in the said Parish, to Saint And the said Order being read accordingly;

Agnes Alms House, in the said County, was referred; The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vol. 57. Resolved,

Bil.io repeal the Stole Bread Act, passed*

Committee oi ouppiy.

Estimates rlcrred: Convicts.

French

Emigrants,

6ic.

Secret

Services.

36 18° — 190 Novem 1801.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The other Order of the Day being read; be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- an<*

a Duty on Pensions, Olfiees, and Peri'onal Eftutes, in . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upcn-Fuieed, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two. And then the House adjourned till Tp-morrow -

Ordered, That Mr. Hi ley Addington do carry the Bill Morning, Ten of the Clock,

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrotfed) to repeal an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Ma-j^fty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, until the First " Day of October, One thousand Eight hundred and " One, and from thence to the hind of Six Weeks next " after the Commencement of the then next Session of " Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any " Bread which shall not have been baked Twenty-four " Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or exposed to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bui was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, to repeal an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prohibit, until the First Day of One thou-

" land Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the " End of Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or " Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have " been baited Twenty-four Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or exposed to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Acct.

Ordered, That Mr. Brcgden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum that may b'e wanted for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Months of January, February, and 1802, be re.

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for the Relief of the fullering Clergy and Laity oi France, and American Loyal ills, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for IiL Maidty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Months ot January, February, and March, 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carry reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Carry also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tp His Majesty.

Jovis, 190 die Nove\

Anno 42° Georgii III'" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Bertrand Brouquent' Boubee de Brouquetts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee de

Brouquens.

Ordered, That Mr. ShaivLefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Feti- Abbott-Mor-tion of the several other Persons, whole Names are J"ljAnclofur* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other 1 e 1 luu* Owners of Estates in the Parish of Abbotts in

the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common. Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 750 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in linall Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and . amongst the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed, they might be much improved:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wigley, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Mediycott'*. Order, a Bill for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Mediycott to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Mediycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather Thomas Mediycott, Esquire, deceased: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart reported from the Committee Report Ex-appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near pinusj Laws, expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Reio-lution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That lo much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an additional Duty on Eng/i/hSpirits imported into Scotland,

" and for allowing, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the " Distiftation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or " Sugar,

42 Geo. Ill* i 90 — 20° Novembris.

tnllruJHon.

Committee on Distillery and Starch Duties Bill.

" Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty," as relates to allowing the Distillation' of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Waih brewed or made from M daffies or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Mr. Nicholas Vanfitlart presented to the House, by

vanced for* ^*s Majesty's Command,

Public Ser. An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services featedPrC" from Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Ex-

1 penditure of the Civil List, and which have not been

replaced by Parliament; specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House. Jppmdix. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to .{No. 9.) to this Volume.

Exchequer Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac-SUST* cording to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to fcnted. satisfy certain Exchequer Bills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill, respect- The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 8th uf^the Voor'^ anc^ 9*^ Years of the Reign of King William the Third, not wearing intituled, "An Act for supplying l'ome Defects in the Badges, or- " Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," *"* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the? said Act: And that Mr. Newbolt and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to a MUUke^in^ rc ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Lottery Act. the Bill to reftity a Mistake in 3n Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting VOL.57.

to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service " of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruction. mittee. That they have Power to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amehd-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received To^ e,erre ' morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Novembris \

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Praters.

OUN Henry Bluhm took the Oaths appointed, ini Bluhmfwora. J order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Nantes are Canterbury, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of &c-.Roadj Canterbury, and of the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of eutwn' Thanet, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, through the Parish of Saint Mary Northgate, in the said City, and the several Parishes of Sturry, Fordwich, Westbeer, and Chifilett, the Ville of Sarr, the several Parishes of Saint Giles, Saint Nicholas Atwade, Monkton Minfler, in Thanet, and Saint Lawrence, and Part of the Town of Ramsgate, or some of them, in the said County of Kent, being a very Public and much frequented Road, is much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof circuitous, narrow, frequently flooded, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that it would be of great public Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City of Canterbury, and of the said Town of Ramsgate, and the adjacent Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, widened, and improved; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that it will be expedient that so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments,-Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the demanding, taking and receiving of the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act on the Road leading from the said City to the'

Jfleof Thanet, should be repealed, suspended, altered, or' varied: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under l'uch Rules,

L Regulations,

38

10° Novembris.

A. 1801.

Tenbury Roads Bill, committed.

Regulation?, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is relerrtd to Sir Horace Mann, Sir John woed, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

Ordered, That the said Account Table, to be perilled by the Members The laid Account is inserted in this Volume,

do lie upoti of the House.

the

the

Appcr

;< to

Air. according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Edi to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting' to His of Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of " Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery," was 'committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the^oth to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ins Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the

st'pindix.

(No. IO.)

KWI to rectify

a Mistake in Lottery A reported.

Second, and the 22c! Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and also the Rbads leading from the Gate to the

Turnpike Road on the Clce Hill, leading from Ludlow to Clecbury Mortimer, and from Kyrc Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Truro Roads and Bridge Bill, presented.

Sir Christopher Hawkins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from, and near the Borough of Truro, in the.

County of Cornwall, and for building, and keeping in House, upon the said Bill

Repair, a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough, and the other, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were- Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Exchequer^ Reading of the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, be now read. mitted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Corrw mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Doxat'a Nat. Petition.

Jain's Nat. Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to £^dress foi* His Majesty, That he will be gracioufty plealed to give Treaty with Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy ,he Sublime of a Treaty entered into between His Majesty and the forte' Sublime Porte in the Month of January 1799.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

A Petition of James Emanuel Francis Doxat, was pre- Mzjellfs most Honourable Privy Council.

lented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may Mr. Ccrry, according to Order, reported from the an<1

be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Surcjjiii unt*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill, ac- continue so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40 th reported, cording to Jthe Prayer of the said Petition. ^And that years Qf the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates

to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or YValh brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing lo much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran,

Mr. Parker Coke and Mr. Barne do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Benjamin Jain, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Parker Coke and Mr. Barne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bluhm's Nat.

Bill,

committed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Bluhm, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVigley, Mr. Jefferys, kc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Forfler, from purS^to'^ ^le ^xc^eciuer> attended at the Door, he was called in; Add idle, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their preuated. Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be fhen ingrafted.

Mr. Corry, according to Order, reported from the ®‘*P01* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred pp r'

to

Geo. IIL 2o3 — 2i°

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

French Emi- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, grants, Uc. a Sum, net exceeding Sixty-nine Thousand

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France and American Loyalists, for the Months of February, and

March 1802.

Secret Ser- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ♦ice*. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's ' . Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Months of January, February, and March 1802.

Convifl*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Months of January, February, and March 1S02.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Thirtyfive Thousand," and inierting the Words " Twelve " Thousand Five Hundred," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum,

Hot exceeding Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Months of Febru-

ary, and March 1802.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-deferred. ing neXf} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Means, defer- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 210 Novembris;

Anno 42° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Pr ayer s.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The lord* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act toMalt BiH. for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also,

Pensions, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duty Bill. for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Vol. 57.

Novembris. 39

Pensions; Offices, and Personal F.states, in

Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Twand certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of IncurmgFifli, March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt Duty-free in preserving of Fifti; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued, or acted under, any Orders for delivering Salt Duty-free for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to repeal to repeal an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the s,tal® Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Br " prohibit, until the First Day of October One thousand " Eight hundred and One, and from thence to the End " of Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the " then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons " from felling any Bread which shall not have been " baked Twenty-four Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold, or exposed to Sale, any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act j without any Amendment.

And then the Meffer.gers withdrew:

Mr. Jcffcrys reported from the Committee, to whom Bluhm's the Bill for naturalizing John Henry was com- Nat. Bill,

mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega- report*<1* tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

The Bill (now ingossed) to rectify a Mistake in an Bill to rectify Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, x^t'eryAft,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of passed?

" Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money " for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a " Lottery;" and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingossed) to continue so much of an Distllleryand Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Mc-lasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing so much of the said Act, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass-: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing

21° — a 3* Novembris.

A \ 1801*

the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Mela lies or Sugar or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Ditiillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Pcfiod an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland; and lo much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melafl'es or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Roys' AtTent A Message by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the

"El11*- Black Rod r

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the DefirC of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clar, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Can, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterburyand the Lord High Chancellor, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt', Duty-free, in preserving of Fish, and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty-free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: 4

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of October " One thousand Eight hundred and One, and from " thence to the End of Six Weeks next after the Com-" mencement of the then next Session of Parliament, " any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which " shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours," and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have fold,

or exposed to Sale, any Bread within the Time pro*-hibited by the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 23° die Novembris J

Anno 42® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Parker Coke presented to the House, according Doxat> to Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Jain's Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain: And pentad, the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke be added to the Mefaber ad-Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, *d to bring a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several rnclofm^bill. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Fenjlanton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Mr. Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenjlanton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott's Medlycott to take and use the Surname and Arms of ^^ined. Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Garthfhore, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several insolvent Debtors confined in Worcester the County Gaol of Worcester: And also. Debtors

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of the petitions. County of Cork;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Sturges presented to the House, according to BiUrespect-Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King not wearing William the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying ®adS‘js* Pre* " some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of sent " this Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit tea to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot 6 to

42 Geo. III.

2 30 Novembris.

41

Accounts referred: Monies advanced for Public Services.

Money issued pursuunt to Addresses.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary' Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament, specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to- His Majesty.

Northampton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Sn-Wou*h hereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Roads Pcti- Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present tJonl Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Northampton to Market Harborough, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more cfifeftually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market , and from the Direction Poll in in the County'

of Northampton, to Welford Bridge, in the said County, and for repealing several Acts made in the 8th Year of King George the First, and the 12th and 23d Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and that a Progress hath been made in amending the Roads above mentioned, and a considerable D^bt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which Debt cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, un-lcfs the Term of the said Act; be continued; and that it would tend greatly to the more easy and complete Amendment and Repair of the Roads comprized in the said Act, if the Powers and Provisions thereof were wholly repealed, and other Powers, with an Increase of Toll, granted in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration iff a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vox.. 57.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of King $> mi tli mol ton George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign Roads Bill, of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Acts: And setting forth, That such Part of the said Road which1"leads from the Bottom of the Hill to Umberleigh Ford is very inconvenient, and extremely

dangerous for Travellers, from its being contiguous to the Banks of the River Tazv, which are frequently overflowed, and the Road rendered impassable, and it would be more safe and convenient to the Public if Powers were given to alter and extend such Line of Road by carrying the same to Umberleigh Bridge, over certain Fields or Closes of Land belonging to all those Messuages and Tenements called The North Closes, situate and lying in the Parish of Chittleham, in the said County of Devon, the Lands of the Right honourable John Lord Rolle, a Distance of not more than One hundred Poles, instead of the present Way to the Ford:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making such Variation and Extension in the Line of the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, Mr. Grenville,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power . to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm, fciuhm's Nat. was read the Third Time. Bl11' Pa(rcd-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Act resprft-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An I,yp^r:a*

" Act to permit, until the First Day of August: One storet, to be " thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of considered.

" certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of " Germany," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Wort or Walh made Meiafles, &c. from Meiafles or Sugar for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption;

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Exchequer next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bills Annuiy upon the Bill for granting Annuities to fetisfy certain Blll»deferre . Exchequer Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

M

Martis,

240 Novem.

A. 1801.

Answer to Address.

beer, and , the Villa of the several Parishes

of Saint Minster

in Thanet, and Saint Lawrence, and Part of the Town of , or some of them, in the said County of

Kent, being a very public and much frequented Hoad, is much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof circuitous, narrow, frequently flooded and incommodious reported to the House, for Travellers and Carriages: And that it would be of That their Address oi Friday last (that His Majesty great Public Utility, and of much Benefit to the In

Mart is, 2 40 die Novembris;

Anno 42* Georgii III. U Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

i H E Lord Hawkesbury

would be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Treaty entered into between His Majesty and the Sublime Porte in the Month of January 1799) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

habitants of the said City of , and of the said

Town of Ramsgate and the adjacent Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, amended, widened, and improved: — And the Witness added, that it will be expedient that so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the City of Canterbury, as relates to the Toll Gate

Northampton and Market Harborough Roads Petition, reported.

and

to the demanding and taking of the Tolls now payable Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the r8tfi Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Northampton to Market Harborough, and other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Com

said City to the Isle of Thanet, should be suspended, altered, or varied.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City'of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of

----- -- - - , - - 7 — --- --- J & I ~ J J ----- ----- -- / J---- *

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing and for suspending and varying, for a Time to be limited. Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the said Act, on the Road leading from the Gild City of House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet: And that Mr. Watson,

Sir Edward Knatckbull, Sir William , and Sir John Honywood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was reach: And

Mr. John Markham, Clerk to the Trustees, being enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in examined, laid. That a Progress hath been made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for mending the Roads described in the said Act, and a more effectually amending several Roads leading from, considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, of the Tolls granted by the said Act; which Debt can- and for building, and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over not be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the

Truro Roads and Bridge Bill, committed.

said Borough; and the other, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher Hawkins, Mr. Nicholls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued; and that it would tend greatly to the more easy, and complete Amendment and Repair of the Roads comprized in the said Act, if the Powers and Provisions thereof were wholly repealed, and other Powers, with an Increase of Toll, granted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northamp- The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, pur- Treaty with ton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, suant to their Address to His Majesty, ^Porte!"*

and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpefm the County Copy of a Treaty of Alliance between His Majesty presented.

of Northampton, to Welford Bridge, in the said County: and the Ottoman Porte, signed at Confantinople, January And that Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Dickins do prepare, 5th, 1799; and Translation.

Canterbury, &c. Roads Petition, reported.

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Watson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, and of the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copy of the said Treaty is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selflon; and the Tranf-lation is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix.

(No. 11.)

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may ^.stirrate of

w.ww. w. v.x.. ----- - ----- ---- be wanted for Miscellaneous Services, ordered on the 3d seJvic«nforU*

pike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with; Day of this Instant so far as relates to Ireland, Ireland,

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the be prepared, and presented to this House, in the like olderea‘ said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, Form and Manner as the same was usually prepared, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the and presented to the House of Commons of Ireland.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee Report Ex-appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near PinnS LawI-expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Com-

Where the same was read; and is

the Clerk's Table as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hodges, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, through the Parish of Saint Mary, Northgate, in the said mittee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to City, and the several Parishes of Starry, Fordzonh, West- several other Resolutions; which they had directed him

" ' to

24* Novembris.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit " the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Im-'* portation of other Articles of Provision, without " Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until Six " Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament," which Act was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further continued and amended by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, and also further continued, by an Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord " Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors " of Ireland, to prohibit, for a limited Time, so as such " Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration " of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next " Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland " of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, " and to permit, for such limited Time, the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of ," as enables the Lord

Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Corry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported 8uPPly' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Purchase of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Accommo for ^at a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, dation of Par- he granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, liament. . which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to George Dance, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves, Esquires, Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Purchase of Buildings for the Accommodation of both Houses of Parliament.

Fublishing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sugar"arid^ That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Sixty-six Kicev Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty,

to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Nettleship, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Yol. 57;

Expence of publishing, Weekly, the Average Price of Sugar and Rice in The London Gazette.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prep->-ing That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Pounds, be pjpj^'o, granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Enos Smith, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abstracts to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance to That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Seven Hun- Cic-ks in dred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings, be granted ^Accounts? to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to BernardCobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of

the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for an additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thames That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hun- Police office, dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Magistratesof the Thames Police Office, to enable them to defray the Expences of extending their Establishment, and guarding the River below London Bridge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For taking That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thirty-five ®"^count Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to' His Population. Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to John Rickman, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to defray the Expences already incurred in carrring into Effect an Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mendicity That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds, be j^ro granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Matthew Martin, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, towards carrying into a Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeej Parliament That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Fifty-four C*ce-Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to George Rose, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences at the Parliament Office, in the Session 1800-1.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chairman of That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Seven Hun- Committees dred and One Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to °j- peeCi.^ouse His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Lord Walsingham, at the Receipt of the

Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Attend-That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-nine Pounds Eleven ai^eon Com*

..... , intlnoners re-

Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to lptfting Cold make good the like Sum, which has been issued to pj!^ plelc,s William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche* ou‘ quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenue1;, to be paid to Mr. Thornton, as a Compensation for his Trouble in attending the Commissioners for enquiring into the *

State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Harbour of That>a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Seventy-one Port p",r;ck* Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Mitford, Esquire, at the Receipt of the

Exchequer,

24° Novembris.

A, 1801.

Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues* t > pav a Bill of Exchange, drawn for the Repairs of the 11 arbour of Port Patrick.

и. Mifts of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to James , Esquire, at the

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Artificers employed at both Houses of Parliament.

°f0f Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr.Ka.id.ic. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Thirty to Qaci'cc. Pounds Eleven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay the Railage of the Reverend Mr. Rudd and Family to Quebec.

Monry i-Tued Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Add c"!*0 That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand and Forty-nine Rounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to I lie Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Adresscs of this House; and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

Committreon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t>>n of Naval to consider of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Stoics. Reign of I Iis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " permit, until the First Day of One thousand

" Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain " Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Forts of " Germany," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " permit, until the First Day of August One thousand " Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain " Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of Germany

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accord-

ingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit, until the " First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and " Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from " Hamburgh, and other Ports of And that

Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas and Mr.

Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

S;dr'.ts d.stil- to relblve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to

к. 1 from Me- consider of the Duties payable on Wort or Walh made

u..e,iee. from Mclaffes or Sugar for extracting Spirits for Home

Consumption, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The 1 Ioufe relblvcd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration further Consideration the Report from the Committee of rpealngln^" the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of terierence ot' the Report which was made from the Committee, to £i^-0^in whom it was referred to consider of the several Motions deferred.' made upon the 30th Day of October last, respecting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Petition of Rochester, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of them- of Rochef selves and the several other Persons, whose Names are ter, nrsinft thereunder written, Inhabitants of the said City and Rochester Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; BrKlseB> Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the new Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose; and setting forth. That, by the Improvements and Repairs proposed to be done by the said Bill, not only the Passage over the said Bridge will be rendered more commodious, but the Navigation of the said River be very considerably improved by the widening of one of the Arches; and that it is proposed to take a Toll for all Cattle and Carriages passing over the said Bridge; and the Petitioners conceive, that, as all Persons navigating the said River, and passing under the said Bridge, will be materially benefited by the Alterations proposed to be made in the said Arches, it is reasonable that they also Ihiould contribute towards the Expence, by which Means the Tolls to be taken for passing over the said Bridge need not be set so high; and that by the said Bill the Toll may be taken at a Turnpike Gate already erected at some Distance from the said Bridge* near the Angel Inn, in Strood, whereby Carriages and Cattle going only to Wharfs on the said River, and not passing over the said Bridge, will be liable to Toll; and the said Bill also contains other Provisions and Regulations which will be injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pals into a Law as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Vo:ces who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Roctiefter Rochester, in the County of Kent, under their Common Gaol p,-tltlon* Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said City and Liberties is very small and insufficient, and is

in

Maryborough and Cardigan Debtors Petition.

Petition for additional Provision in Southmolton Roads Bill, reported.

in a ruinous and decayed State, and very inconveniently situated, and the Petitioners are very desirous that the same should be pulled down and re-built, on Land, their Property, within the said City, but they are unable to defray the Expence of the fame, and of maintaining the Prisoners which may, from Time to Time, be confined therein, unless authorized to collect a Rate on the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, and to borrow Money on the Credit of such Rates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Amendments and Alterations as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord , Sir Wil-

liam Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham1-her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die Novembris}

Anno 42® Georgtr IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Pray EH s.

A PETITION of the confined Debtors in the Gaol of Maryborough, in the Queen's County: And

also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's County Gaol of Cardigan, South

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their DistressJ and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering (afe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that no Notices had been given of the Application for making the Piece of new Road mentioned in the Petition, jt not having been determined to apply to Parliament until after the Time limited for giving the Notices; but it appeared to the Committee, that the making of the said Road will be of great Advantage to the Public, as the present Road from the Bottom of the Hill to Umberleigh Bridge, on account of its Contiguity to the River Taw, is frequently subject to be overflowed, and that a Life was lately loft in consequence thereof; that the said new Piece of Road will be very little more than a Quarter of a Mile in Length, and the Owner of the Land through which it is proposed to pass has con* fented thereto; and that it is not intended to take any additional Toll, or to borrow any further Sum of Money for making and maintaining the said Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vox.. 57.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And '

Ml\ James Pearfe, Junior, being examined, said. That

such Part of the said Rdad which leads from the Bottom of the Hill to Umberleigh Bridge, is very inconvenient, and extremely dangerous for Travellers; from its being contiguous to the Banks of the River Taw, which are frequently overflowed, and the Road rendered im-paflabie; and it would be more safe and convenient to the Public if Powers were given to alter and extend such Line of Road by carrying the same to Umberleigh Bridge, over certain Fields or Cloles of Land belonging to all thdfe Messuages and Tenements called The North C/ofes, situate and lying in the Parish of Chit-tlehampton, in the said County of the Lands of.

the Right Honourable John Lord Rode, a Distance of:

not more than One hundred Poles.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the there-mnderfighed inhabitants of Moiintjojr Moutltjoy Square, in the County of Dublin, in that Part: ga^(f0"t or the United Kingdom called Ireland, on Behalf of meutPetition, themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Square, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Area of the said Square is at present nearly inclosed with a Stone Curb, in order that an Iron Railing should be erected thereon, and the said Square ornamented, inclosed, and improved, which cannot effect tually be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the same may pass into a Law. r

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fatne, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ogle, the Lord De B/aquiere,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of thfe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Hollis, of the City of , Itchin Kavi.

Gentleman, and Harry Baker, of Pall Mall, Peti'

Linen Draper, foie Proprietors of the River Itchin, alias Itching, running from Blackbridge, near the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, to the Sea at Northam, near Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said River was made navigable under the Authority of an Act, passed in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, at a Time when Inland Navigation was very little known in this Kingdom; and that, in order to cor* rest in some Degree the Defects of the said Act, Two other Acts were passed, in the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to alter and amend the fame; and that the Petitioners have paid a very large Sum of Money for the Purchase of the said River, and have, together with the late Proprietors, laid out other very large Sums in the Repair thereof, the same having been in a very ruinous State at the Time of their becoming Part Owners thereof, and much more Money will be required to be laid out almost immediately in the Repairs of the numerous Locks, Bridges, and other Works belonging to the said River, making a Capital of nearly £.20,000. the Interest of which, even at £.5 per

Centum, it is impossible for the Petitioners to receive if the River be continued to be navigated under the present Regulations: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Acts of the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, and for granting Rates of Tonnage to be payable thereon, in such Manner,

N and

and under such Regulations as the House shall think just and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine-the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry John

way, Sir Richard Gamon, See: And-they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition.«- A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu-ticwVorSt.0* t,on an Act, passed in the a ad Year of the Reign of his Leonard, late Majesty King George the Second, for the better reshore ditch, pairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets within the Parish of Saint Leonard , in the County of

Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of NovembInstant, Notices have been given in The Oracle and Daily of the 20th,

a i ft, and 23d Days of this Instant November, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of % Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to regu- ' The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ni'mhtr of 2^th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Militia Men " An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of ink.gland, Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that ordered. Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at' the

Time and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia," might be read.

And the Came was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty' to accept " the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate, for a Time to be limited, the Number of Private Militia Men in several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in England, and the supplying Vacancies in the Militia: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

liu rtfreft- A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made jnp tiir Relief jn (he 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William not wearing the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying feme De-BA.iire-, com- " feels in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this „ Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overfoers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act, was, according to Order, read a Second Tune.

H

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propostd, Question prc-That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Papers laid before this House in the last Session mittee on the of Parliament, relating to the Proceedings of the East India Company, respecting the Trade between India and and Europe. Europe, referred to in the said Papers, and to report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House was moved, That the said Papers might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was rit*diitiikdK referred to consider of the Duties payable on Wort or fr°ra Me* Wash made from Melasses or Sugar for extracting Spirits la es*&c* for Home Consumption, the Resolution which the Com-1 . mittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fob loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient, that the Duties that will be payable after the ift Day of January 1802, upon fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Con-(umption, by any Com Distiller, or Person distilling under* the same Regulations and Restrictions as Com Distillers, and not carrying on the Business of a Rectifier and Distiller, or Maker of Spirits, on the same, or any neighbouring Premises, should be reduced, for a Time to be limited, to One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny, for every Gallon of such fermented Wort or Wash.

The feid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, accord- Billrefpeaing ing to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th 0?M,v*\‘on Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, stores, preAn Act to permit, until the First Day of August One f£Uted*

" thousand Eight hundred and Tw'o, the Importation of " certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports " of GermanyAnd the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^eferred* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning w„ys and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the e err Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

42 Geo. III.

26° Novembris.

47

Seend Roads Bill, Ytyortt d.

Jovis, 26° Novembris 5

V,

Anno 420 Georgii III111 Regis* 1601» PRAYEU.

Mil. Gore Langtonreported from the Committee*

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign

lofnerfttffiire Coal Canal Navigation

Bin,

totnmitted*

SoutkmoltoH, in the County of , was referred;

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill fob continuing tire Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing; widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of , in the

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amend- County of Devon, is committed, That they have Power " ing the Road from the West End of Seend Street, to to make Provision iii the said Bill for extending the " the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the Line of the said Road, by carrying the same from the " County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out Bottom of the Hill at Umberleigh to Umberleigh

" of the said Road, and for making an additional Road Bridge, over certain Fields or Closes of Land belonging from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to com- to all those Messuages and Tenements called The North " municate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Closes, situate and lying in the Parish of " Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said in the said County of Devon-.

" County," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Mr. Newbott presented to the House, according to Bill same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Order, a Bill to explain apd amend so much of an Act, in/llthepRe,ief

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King not wearing

unto, which they had directed him to report to the William the Third; intituled, "An Act for supplying Badges,

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- f0me Defeats in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor presented*

ward delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at of this Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty iniposed the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not T

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act: And the,

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Ref'; That the Bill be committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com* ftiittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill;

Were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill with

ingross'ed.

Hi* Amendments; be

Jlcheiler

Debtors

Petition.

I&fllrespecting

the Relief ot

the Poor not

wearing

Badges,

withdrawn,

and another

ordered.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of thd Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Debtors confined *fn His Majesty's Gaol of llchester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken, that there were several Interlineations and Erafures in the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying iome Dcfcfts in the Laws for the " Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," as relates to

Mr. Secretary at Waf pfefented to the House, by His Estimates.&c. Majesty's Command; refneaing

Estimate of the Charge bf Extra Forage for the prefchted. Cavalry* in that Part of the United Kingdom called Extra Forage Ireland, from the 15th December 1861 to the 24th for Catalrjr. March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Muster Master General, and the other principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Half Bay. Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces; and of an Allowance to Officers bf reduced Corps, and to retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom called,

Allowance* to certain Officer*.

the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also.

might be

the said Act.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the Commitment of the said Bill, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill, instead thereof.

fnstruction for Provision in South-

Bill.

The House was moved, That the Report, which was in coin,) Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Peti-inolton Road* tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lafc and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of - Vol. 37*

Estimate of the'Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widow* Widows of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, in Penl, on,i' that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 2£th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802* both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers* and

in that Part of the United Kingdom called im lKcr‘J

eluding the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of the Particulars of " General and Staff Officers in that Part of the United D"' Kingdom called Ireland, including the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board; from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both " inclusive, being 90 Days;" And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Con-Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that tinsenc:e,‘

Part

C<

48

26° — 270 Novembris.

A. 1801.

Otft-TVnsion*

tn of K\\-

rniinham

Hospital.

Jn-Pensionert of D*.

fcrnck

Department.

Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and of the may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore-

Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary In Dublin for said, under such Regulations as the House shall think sick and wounded Soldiers, from the 25th of December proper.

1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive being Ordere, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-90 Days: And also, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of the Parker Coke, Lord William Cavendish Benlinck, and Mr.

Royal Hospital near Kilmahham, from the 25th Decern- Pierrepont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

her 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being '

90 Days: And also. The Order of the Day being read;

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners and The Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of ?‘11 '

internal Expences of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act tion of Naval

from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, " to permit, until the First: Day of August One thousand

both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also, " Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain eommUte *

Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Department, " Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Ger-

in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from " many," was read a Second Time.

the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, Resolve That the Bill be committed,

both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to be made of the whole House, to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

I Iis Majesty's several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of resolve itself into a Committee of the whcdS House, upon the Line, Fcncibic Infantry, Corps of Invalids, and the said Bill.

Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Small Beer, from 25th of December 1801 to 24th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days: And also,

D'on March. Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces while on a March, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1S01 to the 24th 1802, both

inclusive, being 90 Days.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates and Paper.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Paper do lie uf)on the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofroW Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 die Novembri$\

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

{NIR William Elf ord reported from the Committee, Southmoltctt

Jp.enJix,

(No. 12.)

Bill to reru* hte the

Number of Militia Men in Knjland, V re fen ted.

Fftmvite of Miscellaneous Services for Ireland, picfented.

AupcnJix. (No. 13.)

Great Crop-wtB Incioture Petition,

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Ro*d*Biti, Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the reporte ‘ The said Estimates and Paper are inserted in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Appendix to this Volume. the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- several Roads, leading from the Town of Sovthmolton, cording to Order, a Bill to regulate, for a Time to be in the County of Devon, was committed; That the limited, the Number of Private Militia Men in several Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill;

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Mr. Cony presented to the House, pursuant to their upon, were agreed to by the House.

Order, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An Estimate of the Sums that will be necessary to ingrafted, defray the Charge'of Miscellaneous Sendees in Ireland,

A Petition of of the Town of Liverpool

in the County Palatine of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has, at his own Expence, erected a Church or Chapel, and fitted up the same in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of

Englanand hath also allotted, set out, and inclosed, a

Piece of Ground for a Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying Ground thereto; and that an Act, passed in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, and the supplying Vacancies in the Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

for Three Months, to 23th March 1802.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

I 'd Pep-

A Petition of several of the Land Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Cropwell, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- for establishing a new Church or Chapel on the South tioners are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cot- Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of tages. Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, Liverpool, and the Petitioner has expended the Sum of

..... ' ‘ 13,000 in erecting the said Church or Chapel, in Prof-

pedt, and in Contemplation, that the perpetual Advowson would be vested in him, his Heirs, and Assigns; and that, when Default should happen, the Appointment of aMinister to vest in the Crown, but that the above recited Act gives him the Three first Presentations only, and there are several other Provisions infufneient to , answer

which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the said Proprietors, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave

27° Novembris,

Tcnburjr Roads Bill, reported.

answer the Purposes intended, which makes it necessary that the said Act should be explained and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Limitations and restrictions as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the,

Table.

Mr. IVigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, p.ifled in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of in the

Counties of Salop, Worccfte and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Gate to the Turnpike

Road on the Clee Hill leading from to Cleobitry

Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to in the said Coun-.

ties, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,.and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Koihefter Sir Richard King reported from the Committee, to Gaol Petition, whom the Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the reporl* ' City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed hith to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Nicholson, Esquire, Town Clerk of the said City of Rochester, being examined, said, That the Common Gaol of the said City and Liberties thereof, is very small and insufficient, and in a ruinous and decayed State, and very inconveniently situated; and that the Corporation are desirous- that the same should be pulled down and re-built on Land their Property, within the said City; but they are unable to defray the Expence of the fame, and of maintaining the Prisoners, which may from Time to Time be confined therein, unless authorized by Parliament to collect a Rate on the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, and to borrow Money on the Credit of such Rates.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol within the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the lame, and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Rochester, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Richard King and Mr. Henry Alexander do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mountjoy Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the Un^ira^rove- the there-undersigned Inhabitants of

raentPeticion, joy Square, in the County of , in that Part of the

repotted. United Kingdom called Ireland, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Square, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving Cities or Towns, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it Vo l.57.

Men in England, committed.

49

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is asfollowedi; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a-Mem-ber present informed Your Committee, That the Area of the said Square is at present nearly inclosed with a Stone Curb, in order that an Iron Railing should be erected thereon; and that it would be a great Ornament and Improvement to have the same effected: — That there is no Fund at present for railing Money for defraying the necessary Expences attending such Improvement, and maintaining thereof; but that die Inhabitants are desirous of railing a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, by a Rate upon themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin: And that Mr.

Ogle and Mr. John Claudius Beresford do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to regu-Reading of the Bill to regulate, for a Time to be limited, or Mhkia' the Number of Private Militia Men in several Counties,

Ridings, and Places in England, and the supplying Vacancies in the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t^Rdef the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made of 1the Poor in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William not wearing the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying feme Defects a Bts'

" in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of tins Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sturges accordingly reported from the said Com: Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as ^mended by the Committee, be printed, as shall , be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoford and Mr. The I ord5 Smith: h*W4*~dtB

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An A iff B.'ilto rectify to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of

O " Great

A. 1801.

50 27® — 3 o°

" Gr<?<rt Britain, to be raised by a Lottery," and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery; without any Amendment: And allb,

Distiiitry and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act starth Dutie* to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, (b much of an Act, made in the Tlnrty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland; and lb much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in , from Me-

lasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition re. ^r- Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to lating to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in

M°Lfor Execution an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign

Shoreditch,

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Paving, repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets within repouc . the Panfli of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there,' and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'lo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Lujh produced to the Committee, The Oracle and Daily A avert ifer of the 20th, 21ft, and 23d Days of this Tnflant, November; wherein Notices of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlaige the Powers, and explain and amend the said Act, and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares, Streets, and other Places, in the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, are inferred, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 16th Infhmt.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain, and amend an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, " within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the " County of Middlesex, and for better enlightening the " open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, " and regulating, the nightly Watch and Beadles within " the said Parish," and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Main-waring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

r Timkvfon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to imports- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t. of Naval the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of the ♦icrst. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act to permit " until t he First Day of A ugujl One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from " Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I ft v.fe* resolve i itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Exchequer next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuity upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain deferred.' Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deierre<1, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty- _

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lurt30 die Novembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III'" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

SIR William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Medlycott* whom the Eill for enabling the Honourable Barbara N»n>e Bill, Cockayne Medlycott to take and use the Surname and Arms ^P®*1*1* of Medlycott, purliiant to the Will of her Grandfather Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Berkshire Custody of the Sheriff of Berkshire, was prefen ted to the Debtor* House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and PetitloI,< praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and attering Tenbury and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the K°?ds BlU» 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George p the Second, and the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and allb the Roads leading from the Know Ie Gate to the Turnpike Road on the C/ee Hill leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Ttnbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and allb the Roads leading from the Knewle Gate to the

Turnpike

South mol ton Roads Bill, polled.

Hochester Gao] Bill, presented.

Petition from London, to prohibit the Ufcuf Com in distilling Spirits.

Bin to repeal

certain A&i respecting the Assize of Bread, ordered*

42 Geo. III. 30° Novembris. 51

Turnpike Road on the Cite Hill leading from Ludlow to The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said " An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Sefhon Counties. " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend, and render

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the " more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. " of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the

" Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term and Powers " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof,

of Two Acts passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his and to Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour,

late Majesty King George the Second, and the 19th " or Breadlo far as the same relates to the Assize and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, " making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and widening, and rendering fife and commodious, several " the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Roads, leading from the Tdwn of Southmolton, in the " Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Ex-County of Devon, was read the Third Time. " change," might be read.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title And the same being read accordingly;

be. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year repeal the said Acts: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present lame.

Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lafe and

commodious, several Roads, leading from the Town of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of Southmolton, in the County of Devon. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to SuPP*y-

Ordered, That Sir William Elford do carry the Bill to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Extra Estimates, &c. to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol within the City Forage for the Cavalry, in that Part of the United King-of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and for regulating, dom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the referred: maintaining, and fopporting the fame, and for disposing 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Rochester, referred to the said Committee. or avj ry*

and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Al- Allowances was received; and read the First Time. lowances to the Muller Mailer General, and the other officeri'"

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. principal Officers of the several Departments therein

mentioned, in that Part of the United Kingdom called The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences,

City of London attended at the Door, they were called in; from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Committee, mons, of the City of London, in Common Council Orde, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay Half Pay. assembled. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces,

And then they withdrew. and of an Allowance to Officers of reduced Corps, and

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, to retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom during the course of the last Year, the Mind of every called Ireland, from the 25th of December 1801 to the Person in this Kingdom was most painfully alarmed in 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be consequence of the very great Scarcity, and excessive referred to the said Committee.

high Price of every Necessary of Life, and to the very great Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions Widow* Distress of the labouring Poor; and that the Petitioners to be paid to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty's PeilCons-are concerned to Hate, that, notwithstanding the great Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Crops of Grain the last Harvest produced, the many ulu- Ireland, from the 2£th of December 1801 to the 24th of tary Laws which were made to prohibit the Exportation of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred Provisions, and the enormous Sums of Money paid for to the said Committee.

Bounties upon Com, Flour, and Rice, yet that the Price Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General General and of Bread has lately risen; and that, for the greater Relief and Staff* Officers, in that Part of the United Kingdom . cer*' of the People, an Act was passed to prohibit, until the called Ireland, including the permanent Allowances of the ift Day of January 1802, the use of Com in distilling of Medical Board, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th Spirits, or making of Starch, in order to prevent, as much March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred as possible, a Return of the Evils they have suffered: And to the said Committee.

therefore praying. That the said Act may be continued Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Parricwbr* for such further or longer Time as to the House shall feera " Charge of the General and Staff* Officers in that Part oi D* meet. " of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the " permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from the Table. "25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802,

" both inclusive, being 90 Days," be referred to the said The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 37th Committee.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Hospital " Ad to amend and render more effectual an Act, made Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Cont*n6encie* " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,

" King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJJizeDublin for lick and wounded Soldiers, from the 25th *thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate oi December 1801 to the 24th of 1802, both in-

" Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the elusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

" Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out- °ui*‘Pe"*

" London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from Kiimainbam " Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both Hoipiui.

" the Royal Exchange," might be read. inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Com-

And the same was read accordingly; mittee.

Vo l. 57. Ordered,

In-PfnfJonera

of Kilmain-h*xu Hospital.

Barrack

Department.

Allowance to

Forces, for Small Beer.

D« on March.

Mifccllant-ous Service* for Ireland.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners and internal Expences of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be re* ferrtd to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Diepartment, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th of December 1801 to the

24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of the Line, Fencible Infantry, Corps of Invalids, and Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Small Beer, from 25th of December 1801 to 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces while on a March, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to tire 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Estimate of the Sums that will be necell'aiy to defray the Charge of Miscellane-ous Services in Ireland for Three Months, to 25th March 1S02, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expences of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; of the Board of First Fruits; of the Dublin Society for promoting Industry and other ule-ful Arts; of additional Buildings at Repository of the Dublin Society; of promoting the Purposes of the farming Societies; of the Corporation for paving the City of Dublin-, of the Commissioners for making wide and commodious Streets in Dublin; of the incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools; of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors Children; of supporting the iDeJl-tnorland Lock Hospital; of the Hibernian School for S-'idlers Children; ol th *t Roma Seminary; of

the House of Industry for Relief of the Poor in;

of the Society lor discountenancing Vice; and of the-Female Orphan House near Dublin; as they lit all think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the said

Committee.

Then the Iloule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Smaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. _

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. "Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Cimir.ittr* of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to \v?.ys :iml resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of \\ ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to Ills Majesty, be now' read.

And tire laid Order being read accordingly;

The House relblvtd itself into the said Committee.

.8

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from' the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will, please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate, #

for a Time to be limited, the Number of Private Militia Number of Men in several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, Militia Mea and the supplying Vacancies in the Militia. , 1U ‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee ha4 made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, writh the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Corrsideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the' Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur- Bill respect-ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of the 0^0 Poor'* whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Ip not wearing much of an Act, made in' the 8th and 9th Years of the ^;if*ges. Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act e crrt *

" for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief " of the Poor of this Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hiley Addington presented to the House, according b;u to pro. to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to- be limited, tt»e _ and amend, an Act of the 39th Year of the Reign of His ^c.^of'coru' present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and per- prefetittd. mitting the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the (E£P^nns Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for - '*

permitting the Importation into Ireland of Com, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time. - >

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill respeSIng from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the IPortat1011 Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign stores, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit, repotted.

" until the First Day 0 i-AuguJlOne thou find Eight hundred

" dred and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores " from Hamburgh and other Ports of ," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-

- grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Biiu Annuity Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Bill, deferred, ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mofning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i# die

borrow a further Sum of Money under the Authority of the said last recited Act, but have not been able to procure any, the Rates which they are now authorized to impose by the said first recited Act not being sufficient to induce Persons to lend any more Money on the Credit thereof; and that the said Improvements cannot be completed, nor the said Debt be paid off, unless Power is given to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose, and allb to encrease the said Rates; and that all Persons referring to, or passing through, the said Town, with Cattle and Carriages, receive material Convenience and Advantage from the paving and improving of the said Streets, and the Petitioners therefore conceive it is reasonable they should contribute towards the Expence thereof by the Payment of Toll, or in such other Manner as Parliament may think proper, and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have allb been found defective in other Respects: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said first-recited A Cl, in such Manner as to the House shall seem moll fit for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Bloxam, Sir William Geary, &c.; Aftd they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Medlycott's Name Bill, pailed.

Maidstone

Paving

Petition.

Anno 420 Georgii III. U Regis, 1801. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott to tike and use the Surname and ArmS of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott to take and use the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Six William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing Two Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obllrudlions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone; and that, by the said Act, the Commissioners appointed to put the same in Execution are authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Rates thereby granted, a Sum not exceeding £.7,000, for the more expeditious Performance of the several intended Improvements; and that the Commissioners have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have made great Progress therein, for which Purpose they have borrowed and expended the Whole of the said Sum of £. 7,000, and have allb incurred several considerable Debts, which they have no Means of discharging, nor are they able to carry the Purposes of the said Act into complete Effect without further Powers; and that an Act was passed, in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the said Commissioners to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said former Act; and that the Commissioners have endeavoured to Vo l. 57.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle of the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.-

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from the Well End of Seend Street to the " and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the County of " Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said " Road, and for making an additional Road from the " laid Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate " with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near " Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing the Term and Powers of ari Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from the Well End of Seend Street to the " and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the County of " Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said " Road, and for making an additional Road from the " said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near " Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said " County." '

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place -, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain for the Year 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Thousand

P Pounds

Oxford

Debtors

Petition.

Seend Road Bill, pa^Ted.

Report

Supply.

Extraordi-naries of the Army.

D* in Ireland,

Othrr Services in Ireland.

Extra Fo-nge for Cavalry.

Allowances to certain Officers.

Half Pay.

Widows

Pcnlions.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Hospital Con tiugenues.

Kilmainhara

Hospital.

Barrack

Department

54 i° Decembris. 1801.

Pounds Sterling, be granted to His Majesty, towards Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances defraying ihe Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ire- That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand One land for the Year 1S02. Hundred Thirty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six Thousand Six the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-Hundred Six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny, commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of the Line, Fen-Extra Forage for the Cavalry in that Part of the United cible Infantry, Corps of Invalids, and Militia, in that Kingdom called Ireland, from die 25th Day of December Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Small 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, Beer, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th being Ninety Days. Day of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Days.

That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Seven Hun- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comspittee, D° on March, dred and Twenty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Three Hun-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the dred and Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Charge of the Allowances to the Muster Master General, Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the and the other Principal Officers of several Public Depart- Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commis-ments, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire- fioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land h;ndx their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, Forces, while on a March, in that Part of the United from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Day Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of December of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Days. 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, being Ninety Days.

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand One Hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, port of and Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Forty Dublin. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence Farthing Ster-Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Ma- ling, being Two Hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Irish jesty's Land Forces, and of an Allowance to Officers of Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the reduced Corps, and to retired Chaplains, in that Part of Expence of Pratique in the Pori of Dublin for Three the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day Months, ending the 25th Day of 1802.

of December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, civil both inclusive, being Ninety Days. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Three Buildings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hundred Eighty-four Pounds and Twelve Shillings Ster-That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Two Hun- ling, being Eight Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be dred and Sixty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Civil Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Buildings in and for that Part of the United Kingdom Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers called Ireland, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United of March 1802.

Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25 th Day of December Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Public -

1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Seventy-six 0fknders-being Ninety Days. Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence Farthing Ster-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ling, being Six Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Irish That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Eight Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and One Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in that Part of Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Three Months,

Charge of General and Staff Officers in that Part of the ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

United Kingdom called Ireland, including the permanent Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, criminal

Allowances of the Medical Board, from the 25th Day of That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Seven Hun- Caufo. December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both dred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence inclusive, being Ninety Days. Farthing Sterling, being Six Thousand Two Hundred and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Five Hundred for defraying the Charge which may probably be incurred and Fifty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, in the Offices of the Solicitors of Criminal Causes in that be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Three Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, in that Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Proclamations Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Tick That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Six Hundred and wounded Soldiers, from the 25th Day of December and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence 1S01 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both inclusive, Halfpenny Sterling, being One Thousand Seven Hun-being Ninety Days. dred and Fifty-six Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Proclamations That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand One and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette and other Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds and Two Pence, be Newspapers, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the of March 1802.

In and Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kil- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Statutes. main ham, and of the internal Expences of the said Hoi- That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred Sixty-nine pit.il, from the 25th Day of December 1801 to the 24th Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny I)uy of March 1802, both inclusive, being Ninety Sterling, being Nine Hundred and Forty-one Pounds Days. Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Expence of printing certain Statutes for that Part of That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-eight Thousand Fight the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Three Months,

Hundred Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Two ending the 25th Day of 1802.

Pence, be granted to His Majesty-, for defraying the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Charge of the Barrack Department, in that Part of the That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Five Ilun- ce!" United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of dred Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence December 1801 to the 24th Day of March 1802, both Farthing Sterling, being Four Thousand Nine-Hundred inclusive, being Ninety Days. and Twenty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His

2 Majesty,

42 Geo. III.

i° Decembri

55

Board of Treasury.

Offices /or Records, &c.

His Majesty, for defraying the Incidental Expences of the Board of Treasury, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

Trustees of Linen, Sec. Manufactures.

dred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny Farthing Sterling, being Five Thousand Four Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Tru flees of the Linen and

Board of First Fruit*.

Dublin

Society.

Husbandry

Buildings for D°.

Fanning

ScLieties.

Paving, See. of Dublin.

Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Printing, Stationary, Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public City of Dublin, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day Offices, in and for that Part of the United Kingdom of March 180a.

called Ireland, and for the Riding Charges and other ReJ'olvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, To widerf Expences of the Deputy Purfoivants, and Extra Mefi'en- That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Thirty- ^re^ul gers attending the said Offices, for Three Months, ending eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Sterling, u m‘ the 25th Day of March 1802. being One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Sixty-one paid to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Streets in the City of Dublin, for Three Months, ending Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to the 25th Day of 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Protestant That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Five Hun- School8; dred Fifty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny Sterling, being Four Thousand Nine Hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Thirty-two Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Three Hun- Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Incorporated dred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools Pence Sterling, being One Thousand Five Hundred in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

defraying the Expence gf building further Offices for the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foundling Records of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire- That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Four HofP‘tal-land, and to di (charge Sums due for building the Courts Hundred Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven of Justice, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Three Thousand Seven March 1802. Hundred and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Foundling That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Nine Hun- Hospital in Dublin, for Three Months, ending the 25th

Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sailors That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Sixty-one Children. Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Hempen Manufactures in that Part of the United King- Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His dom called Ireland, for Three Months, ending the 25th Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Day of March 1802, under such Regulations and Appro- Nursery for Sailors Children, in that Part of the United priation as shall be directed by Parliament. Kingdom called Ireland, for Three Months, ending the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 25th Day of March 1802.

That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand One Hun- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Lock dred Fifty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Hospital. Farthing Sterling, being One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence Half-and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His penny Sterling, being One Thousand Six Hundred and Majesty, to be paid to the Bi/ard of First Fruits, in that Seventy-four Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for building Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fopporting the West-new Churches and re-building old Churches, for Three morland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for Three Months,

Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802. ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Soldiers That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Two Hun- That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Thirteen Children* dred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings Halfpenny Sterling, being One Thousand Three Hundred Sterling, being Nine Hundred and Ninety Pounds and Seventy-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for pro- Charge of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, in moting Husbandry and other useful Arts, for Three that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802. Three Months, ending the 25th Day of Maich 1802.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ^0I£a|fc That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand and Thirty- That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hun- seminary, eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Sterling, dred'Forty-six Pounds and Three Shillings Sterling, being being One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five Two Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Roman Catholic

applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Seminary, in that Part of the United Kingdom called

Ireland, for Three Months, ending the 25 th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House of That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Eight Hun- ladustry. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred Ninety-eight Pounds Two Shillings and 'l'en Pence That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Sijcty-one Farthing Sterling, being Four Thousand Two Hundred Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being and Twenty-three Pounds Currency, be granted to Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fopporting the His Majesty, to be applied under the Direction of the House of Industry for Relief of the Poor in Dublin, for Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors Three Months, ending the 25th Day of

of Ireland for the Time being, in promoting the Pur- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Society for poles of the Farming Societies of Ireland, for Three That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shil- the choitL*. Months, ending the 25 th Day of March 1802. lings and Seven Pence Sterling, being Seventy-five Pounds Ketgion.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Three Hun- the Charge of the Society for discountenancing Vice, and dred and Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian.

Sterling, being Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Religion, in that Part of the United Kingdom called/r<?- 1

Vol. 57. land.

Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden at G/aJs Nevin, with the Approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

Female Orph m House«

Report

Ways and Means.

Exchequer

iiilU.

'filtered on Exchequf r Bills to be funded.

Foreign Correspondence Bill, ordered.

land, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of March 1802.

Ref>lved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling, being One Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan House, near , for maintaining-,

cloathing, educating, and apprenticing deserted Female Children, for Three Months, ending the 25th Day of Muck 1802.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

R.solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Five Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, all the Monies to be received by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of pursuant to a Resolution of this House of the 17 th Day of November 1801, shall be applied in the Payment and Discharge of the Interest that may be due arid payable to the 28th Day of November 1801, on certain Exchequer Bills directed to be funded by the said Resolution, and afterwards in such and the like Manner as is therein di-redtecL

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Lord George ‘T/tynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Annuities to la tidy certain Exchequer Bills, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pur-lb ant to the last of the said Resolutions.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present " War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous " Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given " to, His Majesty's Enemies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

'l'lte House w'as also moved, That an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to " or disposeable by Persons resident in France, being applied to the Ulc of the Persons exercising the Powers " of Government in France-, and for preserving the Propertv thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners " thereof," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The 1 joule was also moved, That an Act, made in the 3Sth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing " or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or " Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts

" owing to the Government of the United Provinces, or " any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Persons within " the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; " and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the " Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " more effectually to prevent, during the present War " between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, " His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United Provinces, " and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and " Places, under their Government," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved, That another Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons " residing or being in Great Britain from advancing " Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit of " Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, " or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Persons " therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more " effectually, to prevent, during the present War between " Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland-, and also, the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money " or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, " belonging to, or disposeable by, any Persons resident in " France, being applied to the LYe of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for " preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the " Individual Owners thereof, to the United Provinces and " to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers " of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent, during the " War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or any " Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the " Armies of France: and to prevent Correspondence with " such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually " to prevent, during the present War between Great " tain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, " or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's " Enemies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing " Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects belonging to, or disposeable by, Persons retident " in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons " exercising the Powers of Government in , and for preserving the Property thereof, for the Benefit of " the Individual Owners thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries: And that the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Carry, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

Report Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartreported from the Committee

»nrtPExpfred appointe<i to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex-law*. piling, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Refblutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for permitting the " Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and " Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels be- longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until Twenty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two Acts of the 36th and 37th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Conclusion of the present War, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

ResolveJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Captors of Prizes,* with respect to the bringing and " 'landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force during the Hostilities with France, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Nicholas , Mr.

Riley Addington, and Mr. Henry do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the First of the said Resolutions.

Foreign

Correspondence Bill, presented.

Committed.

Bill to repeal

certain Acts respecting the Assize of Bread, prtiented.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Curtis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal Two Acts, one passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual " an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate " the Price and Assize thereof, and to Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the " same relates to the AlTize and making of Bread to be " fold in the City o i London and the Liberties thereof,

" and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within " Ten Miles of the Royal Exchan;" and the other palfed in the 38 th Year of His laid present Majesty s Reign-, to VOL. 57.

amend and render more effectual the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Instruction. 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of " Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof;

" and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour,

" or Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive Clauses for better regulating the making and felling of Bread within the Limits foecified in the said Act, and for better enforcing the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into for- Consideration ther Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the interference Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Motions made upon deferred. the 30th Day of October last, respecting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday the ift Day of February next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ^Refiefof^ mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain the Poor and amend so much of an Act, made in the 8th and 9th g°jge?nns Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, further'confi- An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for dered<

" the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and Bill to pro-amend, an Act of the 39th Year of the Reign of His ^ation1^ present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and of'Corn"' permitting the Importation of Com, and for allowing committed, the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without ' *

Payment of Duty; and to continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn,

Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Q resolve

rUl rcfrect-i n j Importation of Naval Stores, pail'cd

Medway Navi gallon Petition.

i ° — 2° Decembris. 18 o i.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Lid Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrafted) to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of " certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports " of Germany," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit, until the First Day of August One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of " certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports " of Germany."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clod:.

Mcrcurii, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the King's Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and of the

Owners and Freighters of Craft, Hop Planters, and Traders, on the River Medway, wras presented to the Houl'c, and read; Setting forth,' That an Act was passed in the ^ad Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maid-

stone, Box/ey, Allingion, and in the County of Kent, whereby certain Trustees were appointed for carrying the same into Execution; and for the more expeditious Performance of the several Works requisite for that Purpose, they were authorized to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they should third: proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of £.8,000, on Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties, by the said Act granted; and th.at the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made considerable Pragress therein, and executed many of the Works thereby directed, and have for that Purpose borrowed and expended the Whole of the said Sum off. 8,rco, and also incurred several considernble Debts, which they are unable to discharge, n»'r will they be able eltcftualiv to improve the Navigation of the said Part of the River Medway, under the Powers and Provisions of the Lid Act, whereby the Petitioners

v. ill be deprived of the Benefits and Advantages they had expected to receive from the said Act, and the Creditors thereon will be much injured; and that the good Purposes of the Lid Act would be better eftefted, if, instead of the same being executed by Trustees as aforesaid, the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities requisite wrere veiled in, and executed by, a Company of Proprietors; and that the several Persons poUciled of the Mortgages lo granted by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, are willing, and delirous, to become Members of such Company; and that the several Sums due to them on such Mortgages Ihoukl be made Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and that several other Per-Ibns are willing and delirous to subscribe towards railing a Sum iultkient for carrying into Effect the good Purposes of the said Act, by a Company of Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for repealing the Lid Act, and for granting further and other Powers, and Provisions, for improving the Navigation of the said Part of the River Medway, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet:.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Delancey, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon °n Foreign the Bill to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspon- diuce Biili dence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the Lid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Corn- mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.' Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be in grafted.

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the Lid Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of Bill further Consideration the Report from the Committee of ,the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate, for a of Militiaer Time to be limited, the Number of Private Militia Men Me,1>in Fng-in several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, and conlldemUr the supplying Vacancies in the Militia, was committed, be now read.

And the Lid Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the Lid Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Lid Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the Lid Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thouLnd Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon ^uTs Aiinui the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exche- Bill! quer Bills, be now read.

And the Lid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr.

tf Decembris.

59

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

bit the'ex-'" rek>lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon portation, &c. the Bill to continue, fora Time to be limited, and amend/ of Corn. an of the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the

Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Com, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Coitl-

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ditefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bin refnett- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third iHg the Relief Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, to explain and amend noMwearing much of an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Badge*, Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act passed. for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief

" of the Poor of this Kingdom," as relates to the Penalty imposed on the Overseers of the Poor for relieving Persons not wearing the Badges prescribed by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the 11116 be, An Act to explain and amend lo much of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," as relates to the wearing of the Badges prescribed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prize Good* Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac-Bili, cording to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a ^(Expired Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the law.) Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the " bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Bill to repeal resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon resetting the the Bill to repeal Tw o Acts, one passed in the 37 th Year Assize of of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

Bread. to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in

" the Thirty-ftrft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons " ter ate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates

Vol. 57.

" to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the " City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the " Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the " Royal Exchange;" and the other passed in the 38th

Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevrt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That, they had made a Progress in die Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to "efeiTe consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways an<* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Art for per-mitt-ng the Importation of Organ zined Silk, &c.

(Expiring

Eaw.)

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inrituled,

" An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined " Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom,

" in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majdiy, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reported, fold Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for permitting the " Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and " Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels bc- longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until Twenty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two Acts of the 36th and 37th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Conclu-fion of the present War, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was.

Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

The

6o

2° — 30 De.

A. 1801.

Bin »o repeal The Older, made this Day, for the House to resolve nfjestine the into a Committee of the whole House, after the AiUze of House should have proceed upon the other Orders of confd'mdher Day, to consider further of the Bill to repeal Two Acts, one passed in the 37 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- cond, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to u punish Persons who shall adulterate Flour, or

" Bread, lb far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of " Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal " change-," and the other passed in the 38th Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, being read;

The House resolved itfelr into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Shaw Lefevre accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confident ion upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Henry

have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly, and presented to the House, a Petition of the several Debtors now confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Derby.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Complaining of their Distreis, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning Ten of the Clock.

Derby

Debtor*

Petition.

Pitney Sortie Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish Incioiure have Leave to make a Motion.

Petition. And he moved the House accordingly; and presented

to the House, a Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves ‘ and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on the Open Commonable Pasture Lands, and also to Property in the Open Arable Lands lying within the Parish of Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Commonable Pasture Lands, containing, by Efti-mation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts, and also certain unin-cloied and Open Arable Lands, containing, by Estima-tion, 600 Acres, or thereabouts; which are of fniall Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common and to Property thereon ref[>cftively, but are capable of considerable Improvement if divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Commonable Pasture Lands, and the said uninclosed Open Arable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem, meet.

Jovis, 30 die Decembris 5

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Commonalty of Petition from.

the City of New Sarum, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the use of . forth. That the Petitioners, duly considering the very' Coromdiftik great Distrefi'es which the Poor and middling ClalTes ofing People have lately felt from the excessive high Price of Provisions, and particularly of Bread Corn, are desirous that every Means may be used to prevent a Return of the like Calamity; And therefore praying the House to pals a Bill for continuing the Prohibition of distilling Spirits, or the making of Starch from Grain, for such further Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Mr. Ogle presented to the House, according to Order, Mountjoy a Bill for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in (Du*h‘

the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin: bFu^*-

And the same was received; and read the First presented. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, Aberdeen of the City of Aberdeen, in Behalf of the Community of the said City, and of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Ow'ners of Land in the County of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That there is no proper Bridewell, or House of Correction, in the City or County of Aberdeen, nor is there at present any Fund for building and maintaining any such Bridewell, or House of Correction; and that the most convenient Situation for such a Bridewell, or House of Correction, would be in the Parish of Old Machar, within the Freedom and Liberties of the said City; and that, through the Want of a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending and profocuting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof^ and for fubfilling them after being apprehended, it frequently happens that such Criminals and other Offenders escape the Punishment due for their Offences, to the great Prejudice and Interruption of so important a Branch of the Public Police: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell, or House of Correction, in and for the said City and County of Aberdeen, with such Powers for acquiring Grounds for that Purpose at the most convenient Place in the said Parish of Old Machar, and otherwise, as to the House shall seem proper; and also for enabling the Magistrates of the City of Aberdeen to impose and levy an Assessment for defraying the Charges of apprehending and prosecuting Criminals, and for their Subsistence as above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundas, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Richmond A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petitilwu thereunto fubforibed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Richmond, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Meadow Fields, a Stinted Pasture called cliffe Pasture, and a Moor or Common, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,684 Acres, and, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosod, they would be rendered of greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Lawrence Dundas, and Mr. John Smyth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Roods'* Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein ' mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, on Behalf of themselves and their Co-Trustees, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act is near expiring, and the Roads therein described cannot be kept in good Repair unless adequate Tolls, Powers, and Provisions, be granted for that Purpose; and that it would very much tend to the Convenience, Accommodation, and Safety, of Passengers on the said Road, if the lame, or a certain Part thereof, were lighted and watched, or guarded; and that Parts of the Reads comprized in the said Act lie within the several Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, in the said Counties of Kent and Surrey, and by Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, certain Sums are directed to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Roads, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, in lieu of their Statute Work upon the said Roads, which said Yearly Sums are very inadequate to the Contributions which ought to be paid by the said respective Parishes, and it appears reasonable that the same should be considerably increased, or that a more adequate Compensation should be made in lieu of such Statute Work; and that it will be convenient, that the Petitioners should be exonerated and discharged from the Repair, Care, and Management, of io much of the Branch Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the County of Surrey, as lies

within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, being about Three Quarters of a Mile in Length, and that the Repair, Care, and Management thereof should be placed under the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a new Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Dotkhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge, Bermondsey, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, palfed in the Year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th and 31st Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and other Roads adjoining, and the said Trustees are willing to undertake

the liune on receiving from the Petitioners the Yearly

Sum ot £. 150, which Sum die Petitioners are willing to pay: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vql. 57.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Tierney,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to remove certain Restraints P^j^Cor-upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons BilCpaiML refid ing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries, was (according to Order) read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill] reported. Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported [ to pro-front the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Exportation, Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and amend, &c. of Com, an Act of the 39 th Year of the Reign of His present rtPorted* Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, of Com, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ErchMiier Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

R resolve

6 2 3* — 4* Decembris. A. 1801.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Priz* ®°°d* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second omroittfd. Reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to (Expired be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign L*w'^ of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief " of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing " and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tforr^oor Ordered, That Mr. do carry to the Lords, the

BaHgesBiU^ ingrafted Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, to the Lords. made in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for supplying " some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of " this Kingdom," as relates to the wearing of the Badges prescribed by the said Act; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Organ zined Silk, See. Bill* presented. (Expiring law.)

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Oigan-zined Thrown Silk and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Sir have agreed to William Weller Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Tuddenham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And allb,

Biuhm't The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill. for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lord* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^'ievre'j naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre; to which the Nat. Bill. Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb, Fridag's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. Bill, naturalizing Sebastian Fridag; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

Schroder's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. Bnl. naturalizing John Frederick Schroder', to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Hiiheri* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. Bill, naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers; to which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

Aldebert's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for B«her'« naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian Becher; Nat. Bill, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to regii- The Bill (now ingrossed) to regulate, for a Time to l^r of Militia the Number of Private Militia Men in several

Men in Eng- Counties, Ridings, and Places, in and the lup-

land, parted, plying Vacancies in the Militia, was (according to Order) read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 6. after " the" to insert " Officers."

-t-

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to regulate, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre, was read the '

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for ^*Jy, naturalizing Sebastian Fridag, was read the First Time. read! ' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Schroder'* for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder, was read the '

First Time.

Resolved, TJiat the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hilbers* for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers, was read the First Time. r

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A1^ert'* for naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian Becher, Becher* was read the First Time. Nat- ®i,»

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. rea '

Mr. Carry presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

Jr r Grain, &c.

'-'raer, _ _ > imported

An Account of the Quantities of Grain, Flour, Meal, into, and Malt, and Rice, imported into, and exported from, - fi^^iand, land, from the 25 th of March 1790 to the 25 th of March presented. 1801; distinguishing each Year, and for the Half Year ended the 29th September 1801.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 dieDecembris;

Anno 42 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

MR. Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom Truro Road* the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Brid^Biit. enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the reported. ' 13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from, and near, the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building, and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

unto, -which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bodmin, A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's W^m?C Gaol or Prison at Bodmin, in and for the County of Lancaster, wall: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County Prison of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

whaltFifherr The House being informed that Mr. Robert Mitford from Scotland, (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) at-prtfented. tended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Sfreights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged: Also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported from the 10th of October 1800, to the 10th of October 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst: the other Papers of this Session.

hibit*he°* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Distillation prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland: from Wheat And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Chancellor of the

ordered?* Exchequer, Mr. fliley Addington, Mr and Mr.

Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Exd?equer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Annuity Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting An-passed. nuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

hibkthe* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Exportation, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue, for a &c-"f Co* Time to be limited, and amend, an Act of the 39th Year ^(Expiring of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the taw.) Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the First Day of January . One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Vot. 57.

Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Com, and for allowing' the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period an Act of the last: Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon b?j,u bI'il?0* the Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Goodwill, the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, < Expired an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His pfe- Law‘* lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and " landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ®|‘Sa^cin^], Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, committed. h an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His pre- (Expiring feat Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organ- w" zined Thrown Silk and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- B!I1 to Pr°-ing to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits Uo^fYom11*' from Wheat in Ireland: And the same was received; and wheat in read the First Time. lrtl|ancr1',

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. pre tn e

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferre<1'

House,

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

deferred, next, resolve itself ibto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 42* Georgii III*" Regis, 1801.

Praters.

petition from a PETITION of the Mayor and Burgesses of the upon Hull, to ajL Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in Com-prohibit the mon Council assembled, was presented to the House, and wad; Setting forth. That by an Act, raffed in the 41st Wheat, fee. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, That from and after the passing thereof, until the ill Day of January 1802, no Spirits should be distilled from any Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same; and that the said Act >has been attended with the most beneficial Consequences, and particularly to the Poor, by the Effect it has had in reducing the Price of Wheat and Barley, at a Time of great Pressure and Scarcity; and that, in Consequence of the Expectation that such Prohibition will be suffered to expire, the Price of Wheat and Barley, in the' Markets of that Town, as well as in other Parts of the County, has very considerably increased, and the Petitioners are apprehensive will continue to increase if such Prohibition be not further continued: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and continue the Prohibition of the Use of Com in the distilling of Spirits, for such further Time as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

fomerfetftire Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Navigation whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors.

Bill, of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and reported. alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I Ioufe; together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Montroft.&c. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wr,t* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to servein this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Montrose, Aberdeen, Brechin, Aberbrothock, and Inverbervie, in the room of Alexander Allardyce, Esquire, deceased.

York Debtor* A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Peuuori. Majesty's Gaol, the Castle of York, in and for the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distrefe, and, Praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof st*rch8from permitting, for a Time to be limited, the making of Rice, &c. Starch from Rice or Potatoes free of Duty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the Cud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, free of Duty.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, permit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, free of Duty: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Exchequer from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported!' Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Prize Good* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^/E^red'1* Bill to revive, and continue, for a Time to be limited, an LtwP) Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors " of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to Aberdeen whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Aberdeen, in Behalf of the Community

munity of the said City, and of the Persons thereunto Warren there, and of the several other Persons having subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Aberdeen, Rights of Common or Pasturage, or otherwise interested tvas referred; That the Committee had examined the in the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to of Hayneford, in the said County, on Behalf of themselves

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Uil-Ham Alair, being examined, Lid, That there is no proper Bridewell or House of Correction in the City or County of Aberdeen, nor is there at present any Fund for building and maintaining such a Bridewell or House of Correction: — That the moil convenient Situation for such a Bridewell or House of Correction, would be in the Parish of Old Alachar, within the Freedom and Liberties of the said City: — That, through the want of a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending and prosecuting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City of Aberdeen, and Liberties thereof, and for subsisting them after being apprehended, it frequently happens that such Criminals and other Offenders escape the Punishment due for their Offences, to the great Prejudice and Interruption of lb important a Branch of the public Police.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and I louse of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr. Frafer do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Committeeon The Iloule, according to Order, resolved itfelfintoa

Orpnzined Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con-Silk, Sic. Bui. . r - ..... ' 1

(Expiring tinue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 35th

I*w.) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting

the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk and Flax

Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to

any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill to prohi- The Bill to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from

bit Difhlla- Wheat in Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Wheat°in Resolved, Hi at the Bill be committed.

Ireland, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

committed. of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, retoive irlelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

LujuB) 70 d Decembris; Anno 420 Georgii III'" Regis, 1801. Brayer s.

and others, was pretented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Parcel of Land, called Hayneford Warren, and certain Commons and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish, which, in their pretent State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Warren were extinguished, and if the said Warren Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Warren,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Alexander, Mr. Aftley, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Truro Road* and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed ‘d! B'‘TC in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, *P for more effectually amending several Roads leading from, and near, the Borough-of Truro, in the County of wall, and for building, and' keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the Iliver, at a Flare raised The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the oih-.r, T in the ?.2d Year of the Reign of His preknt bT-'uuty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Ati to the k vcral other Roads therein described. was read the Third T-rr.e.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Poads leading from, and near, the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building, and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for building a new Gaol within the City'1 of Rochester Rochester, in the County of Kent, and for regulating, Gaol

J , J. ,rj e?-,- r 0 committed.

maintaining, and supporting the lame, and for ditpofing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard King, Sir Matthew Bloxam,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants Petition from of the City of Worcester, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Dhu'ihtion'of the Petitioners entertain serious Apprehensions, in confe- Spirits from quence of the Measure that has been proposed of permit- Grain* ting the Distilleries to re-commence, with the Liberty* of using Corn, and are very* much alarmed least these Means of increasing the Revenue may have the bad Tendency of still enhancing the Price of Grain, the Evil of v.'hich, from late Experience, there is such just Cause to dread:

And therefore praying. That the Prohibition, lb wifely adopted against distilling Spirits from Grain, may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ITavneford

Inclosuce

Petition*

AP ET IT I ON of John Richard Dashwood, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Patron of the Redtory of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner of a Voi. 57.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act nr.be« Nati r naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers, was read a Bill> cond Time. commuted.

S Resolved.

Schrcxlrr's N.tt. bill, committed.

Albert's and Heclier'i Nit. B 1. committed.

Frith c'* Nat.

Bill,

committed.

Lelievre's Nat. Bill, committed.

Txchrquer Bills Bill, passed.

Prize Goods Bill, fulled, (txpired Law.)

Account of Grain, &c. imported and Xported,

presented.

7° Decembris. A- i80h

Resolved, Tliit the Bill be committed to Mr. Alexander, Sir John William & c.: And tlicy are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Hawkins Brom&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Aldeberand Charles Christian

Becher, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Sebajiian Friday, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule^. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title e. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with refpcdl to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods " in this Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Kcign of His pre-ient Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and 4‘ landing certain Prize (foods in this Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector General of Imports and Exports' attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Aq Account of all Grain, Meal and Flour, and Rice,

imported into Great Britain, between the 5 th January 1801 and the 10th October following; distinguishing,

the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported; — also, An. Account of all Grain, Meal and Flour, and Rice, exported from Great Britain, between the 5th January 1801 and the 10th October following; distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Port* where, exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Organzined from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ,eporttd.Bl1 '

Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made (Expiring

in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vefe fels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot^tarch'fVom of the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch from Ireland. Ireland into Great Britain.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the R-poited. laid Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to permit, for a Time to be limited.

Starch made in Ireland from Rice or Potatoes to be imported into Great Britain, free of Duty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, inftniftion. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, free of Duty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, licensed retail Petition from Dealers, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of r£w

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tie* on Good*

That imported into Ireland*

That the Petitioners labour under a vety grievous Law exilling in Ireland, subjecting the Petitioners, who are not rated Merchants, to pay Six per Cent, additional Duty upon the Duties of all Goods they import (except Sugars, and a Part of Goods the Growth, Produce* and Manufacture of Great Britain); which is a complete Prohibition on Goods paying high Duties, and in all Cases highly injurious to the Petitioners, as tending to the Discouragement of Industry, Manufactures, and Enter-prize, as well as to that free Spirit of Commerce which they have a Right to enjoy by the Union, under a free and happy Constitut ion; and that the Law, of which they complain, by subjecting Manufacturers and others, who contribute so largely to the Exigencies of the State, by paying great Sums in both Licence and Excise, is highly impolitic, and creates an improper Distinction between the Subjects of II is Majesty's United Kingdom, as no such Law exists in Great Britain, where such a Tax would be more productive: And therefore praying the House will take their Cate into serious Consideration, and grant them Relief, by putting them on a Footing with the British Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

«rrtai*n ^,e Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-

respefrinij ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Affiie the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal Two Acts,

rc-rommi'tted. one Paired in the 37th Year of the K<rign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more " effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to " regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, lo " far as the same relates to the Assize and making of " Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, " and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange;" and the other passed in the 38th Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necellar)- to be made to the said Bill; Re-commit- Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

‘,ed* Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a

Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

ConCdered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Shaw Lefevre accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tueflay, the 2d Day of February next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ufie of the Members of the House.

Petition*0" A Petition of the distressed Prisoners confined in the County Gaol of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dillrels, and, Praying Relief.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider sur^from of permitting, for a 'l'ime to be limited, the making of a Mixture of Starch from any Mixture of Rice and Potatoes free of £,te and Duty. PoUtots-

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly Deported from the Reported, said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to, report to the House; which he read in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow the making of Starch from any Mixture of Rice and Potatoes, without Payment of Duty, for a Time to be limited.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, InstructioiU who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes free of Duty, that they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to proto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i^on^rom* upon the Bill to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from wheat in Wheat in Ireland, be now read. deferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Proceedings had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the judicature Names of all the Members of the House, who had de- Act. livered in Lifts, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 26 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Bill to permit cording to Order, a Bill to permit, for a Time to be stwth limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, Rice, &c. or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such pretexted-Starch from Ireland, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Committed.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deterred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

7° — 8° Decembris.

A. iSoi*

W.iys and Me ins, deterred.

Hackney

Road

Petition.

Rif'jfced, That this IToufe will, upon IVcdncfJoy Tilomin^ next, refoive ittclf into a Committee oi the whole 1 loui'c, to cotifaler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 8° die Decembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III.

hi

Regis,

i 8o i.

Monmouth

Debtors

Petition.

Prayers.

AP FTITION of several Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Did rtfs, and Praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition 'do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Karnes are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts hereinaftepmentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the a ad Year of the Iteign of I lis present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Arts, passed in the nth, 26th, and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford HiiI, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed teveral considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road; which (till remain due, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Lushing-ton, &c.: And they are to meet lo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council' assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Settkur forth. That an' Act was passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Prices thereof, and encourage Fishermen; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Quantity of White Fish and Fresh Salmon brought to Billingsgate Market was very lmail in Companion with the Quantity that is now brought and Ibid there, owing to the great Increase in the Number and Size of the Fishing* Vefibls employed in the Fishery, and the present Method ot bringing fresh Salmon to Market in Ice, a Mode not vAcd until within these few Years, by which Means the Price ot Fish is greatly reduced, and the Public more amply supplied therewith; and that, from the great In-crcalc in the Quantity of Fish of all Kinds brought to Billingsgate Market for Sale, and particularly of those above lpccified, the Salesmen and Factors are unable to dispose of the same in the Manner, and according to the Regulations and Provisions, of the said Act, particularly the Articles of Fresh Salmon, Cod, Skait, and Turbot, whereby the Salt (men and Factors have frequently and unavoidably been iubjecled to Prosecutions for recovering of the Penalties instifted by the said Act; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been found, in other Respects, inconvenient and prejudicial to the Persons concerned and employed in supplying the said Market with Fish, and detrimental to the Public; and it would tend greatly to encourage and facilitate the Sale of: Fish in the said Market it the said Act was to be repealed, and if the Petitioners were inverted with such powers and Authorities, for regulating the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the said Market, as may be deemed requisite and necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the said Market of Billingsgate, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

"And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Lushington, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Orpnzined The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to pL-i lH* be limited, an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign jExpiring of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Yeflcls belonging to any Kingdom or State ia Amity with His Majesty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Refohedy That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Firth Day ot July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or \ Tile Is belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bilhr.gf^te

I Ah

Ktition.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The IToufe being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition from City of London attended at the Door, they were called London, to in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, stock^f

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Grain.* mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the late Harvest has been most abundant throughout the

t t O

Realm, but the Price ot Bread is still very high; and that the Poor have, from an Idea of Scarcity, borne their Distress during the lart Two Winters with the greatest Patience, but, in the Mid ft of Abundance, it would be cruel to suffer our Fellow Creatures to be reduced to the Want of what Providence hath so amply bellowed; and that Efforts have been made to ascertain the Stock of Grain in the Country, and, through the Medium of the Clergy, Means have been used to ascertain the Number of Acres sown in the present Year with each Sort o(

Grain, in order to form tome Calculation of what further Provision might be necessary for the Consumption of the People; but, instead of answering this plain and unexceptionable Quest ion, a great Proportion of Ihe Farmers

have

have made no Return whatever, and many of the Returns which have been made are fallacious and unsatisfacftory; and that, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners are induced to think it would be expedient that Legislative Means should now be adopted for the Purpose ot obtaining the necfcflary* Information, in order to the Adoption of Measures which the present Emergency may appear to require/ and to enable Government, in Years of Scarcity, to procure a sufficient Supply of Grain at a reasonable Rate, by availing themselves of the Supply to be derived from Foreign Markets before it could be known Abroad how far the Crop in this Country wa§ likely to be deficient: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

the nuking of *° re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, starch from upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Rim, &c. making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Abftntft ®f Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Population, House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Par-presented.' liament,

' Two Books, intituled, " Abstract of the Answers ‘‘ and Returns made pursuant to an Act, passed in the " Forty-first Year of His Majesty King George IIId. intiuled, " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said. Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Selnon.

Committeeon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a hibit Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit

htion from the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

Snd.in ' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Proceeding* The House was moved, That an A eft, made in the n East India 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the judicature furrhev Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lilts, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of tire Directions of the said Acct, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

Vol. 57.

The laid Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the lame, and report to the House Tomorrow Morning the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts.

And they are referred to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Corry, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Thei.or<is

Mr. fVilmot: ' ‘ have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act re(\ie£hng to repeal an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the of Naval'0" Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Stores.

" permit, until the First Day of August One thousand " Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain " Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of Ger~

" manywithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BUI to regu-to regulate, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One ber of thousand Eight hundred and Three, the N,umber of Men in Private Militia Men in the several Counties* Ridings, England-and Places, therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tenbur? for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Roa<1' El"* Powers, of Two Acfts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of,

in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the KnozvGate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill leading from to

CleoburyMortimer, and from KyreMill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to in the said Counties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act South Moito* for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Roads Bhi. Two Acfts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering life and commodious, several Roads leading- from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brouquens for naturalizing John Bertrand de de Brouquens; Nat- R|11‘

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Medlycott's for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott N*me to take and use the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather, Thomas Medlycott,

Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Foreign Cor-_to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Amendment.

T Ireland,

?o

9° Decembris.

A. 1801.

Ireland, and Persons feliding in certain Foreign Countries; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants of was presented

r ' Du to ^1C House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-riei on Gootls tioners consider, and feel as a serious Grievance, a Law Ireland'' *nt° CX'^"‘S 'n Ireland, w'herehy all Importers of Goods, rf ' who tell lets than an original Package, are subjected to Six per Cent, on their entire Duties, whilst others, many of whom do not import more than they, are exempt from it; and that the Reaions urged in Favour of the Law at the Time it was enabled have since ceased, and the great though necessary Increase of Duty on Teas, Spirits, Wines, and many other Articles, makes this Restriction operate now almost as a Prohibition of Importation to a great Number of the Petitioners who have been bred to that Course of Business, and even the happy Restoration of Peace will, by lowering the Foreign Coli of Goods, tend to augment the Grievance; and that this Law creates an improper Distinction, has afforded llrong Temptation for Evasion or fictitious Qualifications, is frequently inconvenient to the real wholesale Merchant, and is, in every Point of View, not only partial and unjult in its Principle, but in its Operation inconfillent with, ‘and injurious to, a free Spirit of Commerce, therefore unknown in Great Britain, by their Union with which the Petitioners now hope to enjoy a like Degree of Commercial Immunities: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and cause this Law to be repealed, whereby every Description of Importers in Ireland will be placed on the same Footing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the c/nt! Duty in Amount of the Produce of the additional Six per Cent. Ireland, Duty paid by Retailers Importers in Ireland, for the last Five Years.

ordered.

Richmond In- Mr. William Dttndas presented to the House, accord* presented!11' ‘ng to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AScrdcfn

Mr. If Tdnm Dundaspresented to the House, accord-

Brniewrii Bill, \ng to Order, a Bill for building and maintaining a prcii nted. Bridewell and House of Correction in and for the City am1 County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

f.-urion fio:u \ Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of

'Tevekejlury, in the County of was presented

DiiMijtion ot to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present sprits uom |^uvs distilling Spirits from Grain willceale upon the First Day of January next, and, without the Inter- , vention of Parliament, the Distillers will, after that Period, commence the Distillations from Grain; and that such a Measure will be highly injurious to the Public, by railing the Price of Provisions, already too high: And therefore praying. That the House will not adjourn for the Reccls until they have enabled a Law to continue the Prohibition of distilling Spirits from Grain; and the Petitioners, for the same Cause, also hope that a Prohibition may be continued against making Starch from any Species of Grain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Weston ami thereunder written, Proprietors of Land in the Open Basset and Common Fields of We/Ion by Welland and Sutton p^titioiu

BaJJett, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Commas Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in several Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, a very considerable Benefit would arile from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing,- and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields amongst the several Persons interested, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Dick ins, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, prfdag's Nat. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Bill, reported. An Act for naturalizing Sebajiian Fridag, was com- 311(1 PaUd* mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Hilben Nat. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. Bill, reported. An Act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbert, was and committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Schroder's to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder, was pried.' committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Lelievre's to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. Bill, re-An Act for naturalizing Pierre JoJ Amand Lelievre, and was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. \

Mr. '

43 Geo. III. 9*

Albert', Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Nat. Bill/re* *° whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, ported, and An Act for naturalizing Isaac , and Charles

P*red* Christian Becher, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that' the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Bill to permit Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Starch*from°f ^rom Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rice, &c. Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the making

reported. Qf Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof,

and the Importation of any such Starch from free of Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be ingrossed.

Bill to pro-liibit Distillation from Wheat in Ireland, reported.

Lords Amend* ment to Foreign Corre-Irondence Bill, agreed to.

Report Fad India Judicature.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Act to be repealed or altered during the present Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Corre-l'pomlence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the- Bill insert the following Proviso.

" Provided always, That this Act may be altered, " varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed " in this Session of Parliament."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine

Vol. 57.

the several Lifts, which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House the Name of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Odices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Francis Annejley, Esquire,.

William Baker, Esquire, Lord Viscount Clifden, the Right honourable Sir John Parnell, Baronet, the honourable William Henry Bouverie, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, John Calcraft, Esquire, William Cartwright, Esquire,.*.

William Currie, Elquife, Lord Viscount Sudley, Sir William Elford, Baronet, Sir John , Baronet, Sir

Lcmrence Parsons, Baronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir William Geary, Baronet, Sir Edmund Cradock Baronet, William Hujjey, Esquire, Sir Edward,

Baronet, William Gore Langton, Esquire, the honourable Henry Lascelles, Lord Viscount Boyle, Charles Shaw Le~ fevre, Esquire, Lord Viscount William Mitford,

Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Sir William Pulteney. Baronet, the honourable Richard Ryder, Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquire, William Sturges, Esquire, Sir Charles Talbot, Baronet, Charles Adams, Esquire, the honourable William Augustus Townshend, the honourable Richard Trench, Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet, Lord Viscount Cole, the Marquis of Worcester, Edward Lee, Esquire, Sir John Stuart, Baronet, William Plumer, Esquire.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply,

dcfcii'sd#

The Order of the Day being read, for the House \vayi and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the "tterr ' Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to permit, for a Time to be Bill to permit limited, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, the making of or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, free of Duty, was (according pallid, to Order) read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to permit, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit the Distillation Rill to proof Spirits from Wheat in Ireland, was read the Third h*t>it the nu-

,|, r tillation from

Wheat in ire-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title and, passed, be. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

Ordered,

9° — 11° Decembris.

A\ 1801*

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Decembris;

Anno 420 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1801.

Praters.

Tht Lord* A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and hive agreed Jy\ Mr. IVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

B*'s>e<*Uer The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill!Annuity for granting Annuities to fetisfy certain Exchequer Bills;

without any Amendment: And also,

Exchequer; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bui* Bill. foj. railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also,

JJU.r The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act I'orut'on.^c. to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand < Com. Eight hundred and Three, and amend, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Com, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also,

Tnzt Good* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blll‘ to revive and continue, until the First Day of January

One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing " certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom;" without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Stirling Shire Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to " r;t* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to l'erve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of Stirling, in the room of the Right honourable George Keith, Lord Keith of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath, now Baron Keith of the United Kingdom, called up to the House of Peers.

M.irfluiva A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Palace ud>;oi» Court or MarshalseaPrilon, in the Borough of Southwark, tctitiun. pVe(ente<j to the House, and read; Complaining of

their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Kent Strrct Sir Ed:cardKnatchhv.il reported from the Committee,

R..idt Prti- to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole f"H' rrjijrtc . ]\james are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of A \:ntand Surrey, and for other Purposes, on Behalf of themselves and their Co-'i'ruftccs, was referred-y That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth; viz.

'* # * *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to , and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing the Compen-fetions which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th Mid 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-lVaterings, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Sout/noark, to Dockliead, and other Roads

therein described: And that Sir Edward Knatchbull and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for Queen's County, in the room of the Right honourable Sir John Parnell, Baronet, deceased.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned 5 and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of iVales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of SufJ'ex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other I/Drds, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, and the Earl Kerr, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare anti notify" the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

1 An

Queen's County Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills:

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of looney for the " Sendee of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery," and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery:

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Walli brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Dufies payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act, made in the same Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in Scotland; and so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,'as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty:

An Act to repeal art Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Art " Act to permit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of " Germany:"

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend, fcn Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty:. ..

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom:"

An Act to regulate, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Blarck One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia:.

An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence, by Letter, between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering fate and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of

O

Sov.thmollon, ni the County of Devon:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Voi. 57.

in the Counties of Salop, Worccfcr, and , and also

the Roads leading from the Know Ie Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill leading from to Cleobury

Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbitry, in the said Counties:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk:.

An Act for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather,

Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased: .

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm

An Act for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee dt Bronquens:

An Act for naturalizing Sebastian Fridag

An Act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hillers;

An Act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian Becker:

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment, House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning hext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to '^sn*n‘* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning hext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of Petitions from the City of Oxford, in Common Council assembled, was Briitog to d presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That prohibit the the Petitioners, calling to Recollection the Distress of the shirks'1 poorer Order of the People during the last Winter, from from Grain, whence they have hardly recovered, cannot help expressing their Apprehensions that ferjous Consequences would result to the Country at brfge from the Allowance at present of Distillation from Grain; and that the Price of Grain in the Markets of Oxford and its Neighbourhood has rapidly advanced in consequence of the Expectation, entertained by Farmers and Dealers, that the Distilleries will be opened so soon as the ill Day of And

therefore praying. That the Prohibition, wifely adopted against distilling Spirits from Grain, may be continued.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, in . Common Council assembled,

was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners, duly considering the great Distresses which the Poor and Middling Classes of People have lately felt; front the eXcessive high Price of Provisions, and particularly of Bread Corn; and that, notwithstand-ipg the great Crops of Grain which the last Harvest produced, yet; since it hath been general'y ur.derstood that the Distillation from Grain would be allowed from the ift Day of January next, the Price of Bread hath ri fen considerably in this City and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House will pals a Bill for continuing the Prohibition of distilling Spirits from Grain from the ' rft Day of January next, for such further Time as the House shall think proper.

And the; laid Petitions Were severally ordered to lie upon the Table:

And then the House adjourned till Mondaj Morning next. Ten of the Clock:

U Luna,

v

74 i4# — *5*

Luna, 14® die 5

Anno 41® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Petition of Land Owners, against Fen-stanton Inclosure Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Jianton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenjlanton, in the County of Huntingdon; and Setting forth. That, should the same pals into a Law, the Interests of the Petitioners would be materially affected and injured, if not totally destroyed, they deriving much more Benefit from the Lands intended to be inclosed, in their present State, than they could possibly derive from the Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, again!!: the lame, or may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Thr Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

juve agreed Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Organzined The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act silk' to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand

LaPw?)nS Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also, Bill to permit The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the making ot to permit, until the First Day of July One thousand Rice, Sc"* Eight hundred and Two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, free of Duty} without any Amendment: And also, hit the dmu "T'he l.ord.s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from " the West End of Seatd Street to the Horse and Jockey, " in the Parish of Box, in the County of and

" certain other Roads leading out of the said Road, and " for making an additional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the DevizesTurnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in

" the same Chapelry, all in the said County without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

l.tfion from Wheat in 11 eland.

Seend Raid Bill.

Petition from A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, Town Coun-^hihit the c,l> and Deacons of Crafts, of the Burgh of Lanark, was xh it illation of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ti'rii'n *r0m the Petitioners considered the late Prohibition of dif-raia* tilling from Grain as a wile Measure, and which, in their Opinion, has had a great Effect in preventing the Consumption of that necessary Article, and of consequence adding to the Means of Subsistence , and they are sorry 9

Decembris. A. r8oi.

to observe that, upon the Idea of that Prohibition being removed, the Price of Grain has been enhanced, and may still continue to increase: And therefore praying the House to pals a Bill, extending the aforesaid Prohibition to distil from Grain for the Space of Six Months from and after the ift Day of January next.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to, de urc ' consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the several Petitions, Motion for_ which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying the House to continue the Pro- prohibiting hibition of distilling Spirits from Grain, might be read. Distillation of

. , - & 1 , ,. , 0 Spirits from

And the same were read accordingly. Grain; Neg.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of January " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Use of " Com in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for Ihe Yeas. } *>

-t> 11 c xr (Mr. William Dundas, > 0

Tellers for the Noes, jMr mMa Vanfiurt> ] *»

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of Halifax and

Halifax, Yorkshire: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Chester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read: Complaining of their Distress j and Praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Che Her Debt* ora Petition®,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 150 die Decembris;

Anno 42® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And

42 Geo. III. 15° — 210 . 75

And being returned; That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Com- and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring

million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, in, the fame.

where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke

of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of CambridgeHis Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that His Royal Highness the Duke of His

Royal Highness the Duke of , and the Lord High Chancellor, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland:

An Act to permit, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, free of Duty:

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty:

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road froni the West End of Street to the Horse " and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, " and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; " and for making an additional Road from the said Road, " in the' Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the " Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Common Denbigh ari Gaol of the County of Denbigh at Ruthin: And al so, ore Pet-^or.^ A Petition of the Debtors confined in the New Gaol in the County of Surrey;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress; and Praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Magistrates and principal Inha- Petition from bitants of the Town of Taunton, in the County of So-merfet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Distilladon of forth. That the most beneficial Consequences attended ftom a late Act, passed for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, by reducing the Price of Wheat and Barley at a Time of great Pressure and Scarcity: And therefore praying the House will pals a Bill for continuing the Prohibition of distilling Spirits, and also to prohibit the making of Starch from any Sort of Bread Corn, or from any Meal, Flour, Bran, or other Proportion or Mixture thereof, for such further Time as to the House shall appear meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Grain, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported jj^ported^* into Great Britain between the ill of October 1800 and ordered.* the ill of October 1801; distinguishing the Countries

whence, and the Ports into which, imported.

A Petition of the Merchants of Londonderry, was pre- Petition from fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the ^cai'^Du'-Petitioners co.nlider, and feel as a serious Grievance, a ties on Good* Law existing in Ireland, whereby all Importers of Goods, mt0

who fell less than an original Package, are subjected to Six per Cent, on their entire Duties, whilst others (many of whom do not import more than they) are exempt from it: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their lerious Consideration, and cause this Law to be repealed, whereby every Description of Importers in Ireland will be placed on the same Footing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Luneey 210 die Decembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A Petition of the Right honourable George William Earl of Coventry, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Unincloled and Commonable Land within and belonging to the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Hamlet and Tything contain several Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvements, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, ‘That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said ^Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lajad* under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to Cork city the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ* Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Cork, in the room of the Honourable Sir John Hely Hutchinson, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, now Lord Hutchin- . ron, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stranger and Mr. The Lords Smith: have p^d

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Delord's naturalizing John Aime Delord; to which the Lords Nlt‘ desire the Concurrence of the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. ^d.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that several of the Re- Abstractof turns which were not included in the Books, presented to

to the House upon the 8 th Day of this Instant December, be completed intituled, " Abstract of the Answers and Returns made and Printed»

" pursuant to an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of " His Majesty King George III. intituled, "An Act for " taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain,

" and of the Increase or Diminution thereofwere now come into the Office to which the same were directed

by

by the said Act to be sent; and that the rest might be expected in a short Time; and that some Inaccuracies had occurred in forming the said Abstract;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do inl'ert in the said Abstract the Returns received fmee the same was presented to the House; and the rest as they shall come in; and do make such Alterations in the said Abstract as may be necessary for completing the fame.

Ordered, That when the said Abstract shall have been so completed, such -a Number of Copies thereof be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

dcfcrrtd. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way» and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Mean*, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ctcrre . House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till the 4th Day of January next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are st. Giles'* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, j^ciofore6*^ interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Petition. Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Saint , in the Town of Cambridge, particularly including certain Lands called NewnhamCrofts, and a certain Piece of Ground

called The Pound Hill, lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH for these Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Secretary at War and General Ad do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dclord's N.it. Bill, committed.

Harerford

West

tfrrit.

Luna, 28° die Decembris;

Anno 420 Georgii III,a Regis, 1801.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Delord, was read p.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Haverford West, in the room of the Right

honourable Lord Kensington, deceased.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol in the Cambridge County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and Debtor* read; Complaining of their Distress j and Praying Re- PeUtl°n' lief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thS Table.

The Orders of the Day being read; "

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- ways and night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deterred' Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till the Fourth Day of January next. Ten of the Clock, in the Morning.

Petitions to A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the ?i°ni"t'the f R°yal Rurgh of Renfrew:And also, Spirit trom° A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the «ram. Burgh of Montrose, met in Council: And also,

A Petition of the Moderator, Ministers, and ruling Elders, of the Kirk Session of Dundee, at a Meeting legally convened and constituted: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean, and remanent Members of the Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Annan, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Deacons of Crafts,. of the Royal Burgh of And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the County of Renfrew;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Prohibition of distilling Spirits from Grain and Malt has been attended with the most beneficial consequences, by diminishing the Price of Provisions to the lower Clafi'es, and by redacting them from the immoderate Ule of Spirituous Liquors: And therefore praying. That the said Prohibition may be continued for such further Time, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Luna, 4* die "Januarii;

Anno 42° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Petition* to the City of Brechin, North Britain: And also, ^UUarion'of A Petition of the Deacon, Conveener, Deacons, and Spirits from Incorporations, of the City of Brechin, North Britain; Grain.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;-Setting forth, That, notwithstanding the late abundant Crop, the Prices of Grain at present da far exceed the common Average Price, owing to the Prospect of the Prohibition being removed of distilling from Grain: And therefore praying the House to pafsan Act, prohibiting the Distillation, of Spirits from Grain for . such Time as they may think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordere4 to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His AngUfey Majesty's Gaol for the County of Ang/efey, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Petition of Inhabitants again it Rochester Gaol Bill*

Account of the Six per Cent. Duty in Ireland, presented.

Adjournment.

Sapply, deferred

Ways and Means, deferred*

40 — 140

77

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fiibscribed, being Owners of Houses, Lands, and Estates in, and Inhabitants of, the City of,

in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new Gaol within the City of Rochester, in the County of and for regulating, maintaining,-and supporting the lame, and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the City of Rochefltr, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the said Gaol hath, for Time immemorial, been upheld and maintained by the Corporation of the said City, and the Petitioners apprehend that the Funds now applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said Gaol, if duly applied, are fully sufficient for those Purposes, and consequently that it is not reasonable that the Petitioners should be rated or taxed for the Purposes mentioned in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Rights, Interests, and Property, of the Owners of Houses and Estates within the said City, and that the said Bill contains Other Powers and Provisions which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Produce of the additional Six per Cent. Duty paid by Retailers Importers in Ireland, for the last Five Years.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight, the

14th Day of this Instant January.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 15th Day of this Instant January, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 15th Day of this Instant January, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Seven-

night, the 14th Day of this Instant , Ten

of the Clock, in the Morning.

Vol. 57.

Jovisy 140 die Januarii \

Anno 42° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants of Coleraine, was Petition from presented to the House,-and read; Setting forth, leer^;nne' That the Petitioners consider and feel as a serious Griev- Duties on ance a Law existing in Ireland, whereby all Importers of Goods im-Goods who fell less than an original Package are sub- Defend!"10 jetted to Six per Cent, on their entire Duties, whilst others, many of whom do not import more than they, are exempt from it: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and cause this Law to be repealed, whereby every description of Importers in Ireland will be placed on the same Footing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Hargrave thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors, of, inclosure or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds lying *>entum‘ and being in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the Persons interested, they might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House Ihajl think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr*

Baker, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Everton thereunto subscribed, being. Proprietors of Commonable pj^itionf Lands or other Hereditaments in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, within the Parish of Everton cum Tetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township or Hamlet, a Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, which,- in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Proprietors of Lands in the said Township or Hamlet if the said Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, and if all the Lands in the said Township or Hamlet were discharged from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Baker, Mr. St. John, and Mr. OJbom, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Ferdinand Huddleston, Esquire, on Behalf Sawffon, of himself and others interested in the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, 110"‘ within the Parish of Sawjion, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands belonging to the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small

X Parcels,

KoJIe's Nat. Fttition.

Account of Grun, &c* imported, presented.

Adjournment.

Supply,

deterred.

W.ivs and Mean, deferred.

14° — 190 Januarii. ' 1802.

Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and if they were exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Secretary at War and General do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Hcnrich Kowas presented to the

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (Assistant Inspector General of Imports and Exports) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Grain, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great Britain between the ill of October 1800 and the lft of October 1801; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports into which, imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 4th Day of this Inllant January, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the liiid Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of this Inllant January, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to I Its Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 190 dieyanuarii;

Anno 42" Georgii III'1' Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, re-embodied,

Estimate of the Charge of Pay for the Militia re-em- presented, bodied under His Majesty's Warrant, dated the 3d August 1801; and of other Expences attending their being called out; carried up to the 24th December 1801 inclusive.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

The laid Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Append'in this Volume. (No. 14.)

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Adjournment, posed, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday the 2d Day of February next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quel-tion, by leaving out the Words " the Second Day of February."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday, the 2d Day of February next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Difp0^rtion* the Year 1801 have been disposed of; distinguished under of Grants, their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 2,500,000 Army. granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1801, paid by the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Forces.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Vote of count of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Credit'

Act, pafi*ed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt. Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the 31st Day of December 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and imported! Rice, imported into Great Britain, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon jUJ>ply!i Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a e erre Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 3d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ways and Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- de^rol! mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Wa;-s and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight,

Artfarer of Sir James Saumarez to Vote of Thanks.

Dunchurch and Stone-bridge Road Petition.

night, the 3d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 2d Day of February next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

19

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George William Shuck-

burgh Evelyn, Mr. George Villiers, Sic.: And they are to

meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Martis, 2° die Februarii 5

Anno 42° Georgii III'1' Regis, 18021 Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received, from Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez, Baronet, Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in obedience to their Commands of the 30th Day of last:

Sir,

His Majesty's Ship C Gibraltar Bay,

6 th January 1802.

I have received the Honour of your Letter, transmitting to me the Votes of the Honourable House of Commons on the luccefsful Attack made by the Squadron under my Orders on the combined Forces of the Enetny, in the Straits of Gibraltar, on the 12th and 13th July last.

It has been my peculiar Fortune to be honoured with the Thanks of Parliament on Four different Occasions, when Commander of a Line of Battle Ship in general Actions; but this very distinguished Mark of Approbation cannot fail to be more particularly gratifying to my Feelings when entrusted with the Command of His Majesty's Squadron; and I want Words to convey, in a more adequate Manner, my grateful Acknowledgments for the Notice with which the Honourable House have been pleased to honour my Services.

I shall take the earliest Opportunity to convey to the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving under my Orders, the Resolutions of the House; and I beg Leave, Sir, to return my most sincere Thanks for the hand tome and obl iging Terms in which you have been pleased to express yourself in signifying to me the Thanks of the Honourable House.

I have the Honour to be,

With Sentiments of the highest Helped and Regard,

Sir,

Your obliged and most obedient,

humble Servant,

The Right Honourable James Saumarez,

Sir John Mitford, Knight,

&c.tec. &c.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonin the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls thereby granted increased, and further and other Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said several Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-ftridions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-VOL.57.

A Petition of Catharine Knight ley. Widow, Lady of Barkeswell the Manor of Barkeswell, in the County of and

of the several Freeholders arid Copyholders within the said Manor of Barkefivell, in the Parish of Barkeswell, who have Right of Common upon and over the Common land Waste Grounds within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, Freeholders and Copyholders interested in the said Common and Waste Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the said Manor a large and extensive Tract of Open, Common, or Waste Ground, containing 400 Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Value, but if the same was divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste Ground, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are E^ton with thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tene- Petition: ments, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor or Township several Comrrions, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, 'containing by Estimation 2,000 Acres or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons ipterested therein if the same were divided and inclosed.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons,

Waste Grounds, and Moires, within the said Manor or Township, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Aberdeen House of Correction in and for the City and County of BlB;^e Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the committed. Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farquhar

Sir William Pulteney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ' 0r^ng thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Petition. County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the Village of Wirthing, in the County of Sussex, through the Parillies K of

8o

2° Februarii. A. 1802.

of Broadwater and West Tarring, by Wajbington

Hill, Ashington Common Dial and from thence by

Knep Castle and Baybridge Lane to the Turn-

pike at Westgrinfied, in the County of Sussex, are in a very bad Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conilderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Audi appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cckfirid A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying

Petition. into Execution an Act, passed In the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Point, near the

Town of Uckfield, in the County of SnJJ'ex, to Bridge, in the Parish of Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Side Gate on the Horjebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and several considerable Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls now remain due, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conilderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frereand Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Catfield, ic. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Drainage divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Petition, the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and of certain Lands lying within the Open Fields herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes of Catfield and Sutton certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and within the same Parishes, and the.Parishes of Stalham and Ingham, in the said County of Norfolk, certain Open Fields called Sutton Fields; and that the said Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the respectRe Owners thereof, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield very little Profit to the Persons interested therein; and it would be advantageous to them if the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conilderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Frere, Mr. &c.: And

they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tharfton thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ^ofure divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Tharfion, in the County of Norfolk, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested if the same w'ere divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore 'praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purliiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frere and Mr. Afiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and Gillim;-lum Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in certain Commons or Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Fininghamand Gifiingham, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parishes, certain Common or Waste Ground, being Parcel of a Common called by the Name of Allwood Green, and there are also other small Parcels of Common or Waste Ground within the same Parishes; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes, except a certain Plot to be therein described, in such Manner, and

Ordered, That Mr. Frere be added to the Gentlemen Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, added to bring pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Richard iucloiureBUl. Dashwood, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Patron of the Redtory of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner of a Warren there, and of the several other Persons having Rights of Common or Pasturage, or otherwise interested in the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Hayneford, in the said County, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Mr. Frere presented to the House, according to Bill pre-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the tented. Warrens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First 'l'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

a* Februarii.

81

storth Bradley

Inclosure

Petition.

Stratfield

Mortimer

Inclosure

Petition*

Oldham

Inclosure

Petition.

A Petition of the federal freeholders, and others,' within the Manors of North Bradley and in

the Parish of North Bradley, in' the County of Witts, who have Right of Common upon the Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, 'within the said Manors and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of thrmselves and others, interested in the said Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, was prefehted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there; are certain Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the said Manors and Parish, containing in the Whole, by Efti-mation, 800 Acres or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specihe Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, according to their several Rights and Interests, considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Penruddocke and Mr.

Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Benyof Englefield in

the County oY Berks, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Soil of StratfPd Mortimer, in the Counties of Berks

and Hants, and of the several Freeholders and others within the said Manor, who have Right of Common upon the Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common or ex tensive Piece of Waste and Heath Land, called Mortimer Heath or Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in the said Manor and Parish, containing in the Whole 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their several Rights and Interests, considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. George and Mr. Charles

Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Estates, Lands, and Grounds, within the Town ship of Oldham, in the Parish of Prefi-wich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Town ship certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of being cultivated to the bed Advantage; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their several and respective Rights, and such Allotments inclosed, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting.

Vox.. 57.

and inclosing, the said Commons anti Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and the Cardingtdn humble Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, on Be- p"^^nre half of themselves and others. Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands arid Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed/.and are inconveniently situate with respect to the several Proprietors thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested if the same were divided and in* doled, and specific Shares allotted to the several Pro* prietors thereof, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their several and respective Rights and Interests therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for etfcftuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That'Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. John, Mr. Osborn, and Lord John do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Accounts of Order, Extraordina-

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Army/*1*

2,500,000 granted to His Majesty, to defray the presented. Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1801, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Mr. Steele also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix

to this Volume. (No. 15.)

The House being informed that Mr. 'tweedy (from Estimate of the Navy Office) attended at the Door, he was called Na'^n^t' in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant preea to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 16.)

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur- Account* of suant to their Order, Distnbu of*

An Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- fented. ment, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

Y Two

Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; inclosing,

(A.) An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,000,000, being Part of the Sum of £. 2,000,000 granted to His Majesty, to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And also,

(B.) An Account, shewing how the Million, granted by Parliament in Aid of the Naval Supplies for the Service of the Year 1801, has been applied.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Appendix, The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix

(No. 17.) to this Volume.

The Order of the Day being read;

Bill to repeal Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of certain A a* the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal Two Acts, Aiiize'of e one passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His pre-Bread, sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render deferred. more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for the diie making of " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, " and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, " Flour, or Bread, so taf as the same relates to the Assize " and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly " Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the " Royal Exchangeand the other passed in the 38th Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, was re-committed, be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 Februarii \

Anno 42" Georgii III*" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Finingham R. Frere presented to the House, according to

hamUKloktre 1Y1 Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bill, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Panlhes presented. of Finingham and Gijlingham, in the County of Suffolk,

except a certain Plot therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

woobum A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are incioiure thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Petition. Owners of Estates in the Parish of Woobum, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Ellimation, 800 Acres or thereabouts, which lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments indofed, they would be rendered of much greater Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition t And that Mr. Henry Alexander and Mr. Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Galway Gaol Galway, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Petmon* Ireland, assembled at the Assizes held in and for the said County on Thursday the 15th Day of October 1801, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the present Gaol of the said County is in a ruinous State, extremely insecure and inconvenient, and at all Times unlit for the proper Accommodation of the Prisoners usually conlined therein; that it is not sufficiently large for the Reception and safe keeping of the said Prisoners, and is, moreover, in a confined and unhealthful Situation, in a narrow Street within the Town of Galway, surrounded with Houses, and without any back or rere Ground, or any Yard whatsoever; that the Grand Juries of the County of Galway have from Time to Time presented considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of building a new and more convenient Gaol upon some Scite in the Suburbs of the said Town more suitable to the Health and Security of the Prisoners, of which the Sum of £.1,802 Sterling is now lying in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County for the said Purpose; and that a healthful and convenient Piece of Ground may easily be provided in the Suburbs of the said Town for the Purpose of erecting a new Gaol for the said County; but the Petitioners do not conceive themselves authorized by the Laws now in Existence to acquire a Title in any Premises for the Purpose aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of empowering certain Trustees and Commissioners to contract for and acquire a valid Title in such Piece or Parcel of Land, as shall be deemed requisite for the said Purpose, in Trust for the said County; and that the said Trustees and Commissioners may be empowered effectually to prosecute all such Things as may be requisite for the building and Completion of the said Gaol.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Corry,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Albert Wittenberg, was presented to the Wittenberg'* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to tioaPetSoa. bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Canterbury thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Sandwich Canterbury, and of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in Ro*iI>etltion' the County of Kent, and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in and through the several Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Martin, in the said City, the Boroughs of Longport and and the several Parishes of LittleborWell, Ickham, Wingham, Staple, Ash next Sandwich, and Woodnesborough Otherwise Winfborough, in the said County, and the Parish of Saint Mary the Virgin, in the said Town and Port, or

some

fcamungton

Inclosure

petition.

Kelibc Two Pennies Scots ice. Petition.

4 % Gfio. III. 3* Februarii. 83

some of them (being a' very public and mtich frequented Road) is much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow, circuitous, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and it would be of great public Utility, and much Benefit to the Inhabitants of Canterbury, Sandwich, Deal, the Isle of and the adjacent

Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, widened, and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, and restrictions, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof*, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Honywood, Sir Edward

Knatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable.Lands, and Waste Grounds, reputed to contain about 800 Acres, and which lie intermixed, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Cartzuright, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Trustees under Two Acts after-mentioned, for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which should be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of , in the Shire of Roxburgh-, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, for repairing the Streets of the said Town; for procuring and conveying to proper Places, within the said Town*, a sufficient Supply of fresh and wholesome Water; and for building and erecting a Workhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town and Parish, and for purchasing proper Materials for setting the Poor to work; which Ad was further continued by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Duties levied under the Authority of the said Acts have hitherto been applied by the Trustees for the Purposes thereby directed, particularly a great Part thereof towards the Charges of building and finishing the Bridge over the Tweed, mentioned in the said Acts, and discharging the Debt incurred thereby, but the said Bridge was within these few Years totally destroyed and carried away by a Vot. 57.

Flodd in the Rivdr, and a new. Bridge, is ndw erecting near the Scite of the old one, and adjoining to the said Town: That the other Purposes for which the Duty was intended are in a great Measure hitherto unaccom-plished, and cannot be accomplished unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged and continued:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and other Purposes connected therewith, which the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Willia Sir James Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Baldwin thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, ^fofure* Owners of, or interested in, Estates in the Parish of petition. Baldwin Brightwell, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That - there are within the said Parish certain Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That -Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners, and Proprietors of fwerford-Lands,..within the Manor and Parish of Swerford, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein to haye the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Inte{efts>:' And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields,; Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. - ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer dd prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring, presented to the House, according ft- l*<mard

to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain and pavi^'jwi, amend an Act, made in the zzd Year of the Reign of predated, his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and " cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard " Shoreditch, in the County of Midand for better " enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages,

" and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch " and Beadles within the said Parish," and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares,

Streets,

Wirksworth Intloiure, See* petition*

Otley and Skipton Roads Petition.

Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the said Parish, and for removing NuiGmces, Ob-ilruftions, and Annoyances; therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a.Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons,: whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons inte-lested in, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of kfrirksworth, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Township are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that a Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of the fame, between and amongst the several Persons interested, would tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said several Commons and Waste Lands; and that Provision may be made in the same for supplying, or continuing to supply, the Town of Wirksworthwith Water from the Springs on IVirksworth Moor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Part of the Creditors, and also Part of the Trustees of the respective Districts of Turnpike Roads from Otlty to in the County of

York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of 'his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lantafter, and from Skipton to in the said

County; and that by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Two Acts, so far as they relate to the District of Road from Skipton to Clitheroe, were repealed; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the 2 ill Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have proceeded in the Execution of the fame, in widening and repairing the said Districts of Road between Otley and Skipton, and between Skipton and Colnei and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said last mentioned Districts of Road, which Monies, together with the Tolls arising therefrom, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the same respectively; but that the same cannot be completely finished, and kept in Repair, and the respective Monies so borrowed upon the said respective Tolls as aforesaid, or the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so ' far as the same relates to the said Districts of Road be-- tween Otley and Skipton, and Skipton and Colne, be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said respective Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa* - 2

mine the Matter-thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the further encouraging the Southern " Whale Fisheries," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was moved. That an Act, made m 'the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An All for making a free Market "for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and " for preventing the forejlal/ing and monopolizing of " Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, tender the " Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of late Reign, in

" case the same are taken with a ;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Sale of Eels: And that the Lord G, Mr. Mr.

Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. -Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 4.0 die;

Anno 42* Georgii II. Im Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King. George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Cicfs of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County

A Bt far

encouraging Southern Whale Fisheries, to be consideredi

Bill respea-ing the Sale of Eels, ordered*

Supply,

deferred*

Ways and Means, deferred*

Finford Bridge and Southam Roads Petition*

4° — 50 Fe

County of Oxford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that an Act was passed, in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, so far as the same related to the said Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, through the Town of Southam, to the Borough of Banbury, and that

the said Acts have been duly executed so far as the same relate to the said Road, being the first District of Roads comprized in the first of the said Acts, and the only one comprized in the last of the said Acts, and a considerable Progress hath been made in the Amendment of the Road within that District, and a Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls taken thereon; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Road within the said District be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District, are continued and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof-, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir William Dolben, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BarkefweN Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn pre-inclosureBil], fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allot-preente . ting, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Canterbury Sir Edward Knatchbull presented to the House, ac-RtadtTiu W cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, presented.' and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Bamfgate, in the Illeof in the County of Kent, and for suspending and varying, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Delord* Mr. Robson reported from the Committee, to whom

re* rted'and ingrefied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ' naturalizing John Aime Delord, was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directedhim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rouraging the ref°lve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to Southern0 consider of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign ries^deJerred*. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Vol, 57.

Vieneris, 5* die Fehruarit;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis* 1802.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Sewerby and Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of ^ajt°nre themselves, and other Owners of Estates in the several p"titioiu Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Marton, and within the Manor of Sewerby cum Marton, in the Paridi of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are within the said several Townships or Hamlets of Sevjerby and Marton, and within the Manor of Sezverby cum Marton, several Open and Common Fields*

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, computed to contain, in the Whole 2,000 Acres or thereabouts; that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so situate as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Henry Lascelles, and Mr.

force, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are chesterfieM thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and and Matlock others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two p^tiuon^0^* Acts, made for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Cheferfield to Matlock Bridge, and the other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also, the other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby; and another Act was passed, in the 21st Year of the Reign of H:s present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said'

Act; and that the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpose borrowed, at different Times, considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with a large Arrear of Interest, ftiil remain due; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the said existing Debt be paid off, unless the Term granted by the said Acts (which is nearly expired) be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a ' Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, Mr. Edward,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Z A Petition

Woodridge A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Petition Rad Clergy» Merchants, and others, whole Names arc thereunto fubl'cribed,. being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read} Setting,

forth, That the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of to the Broad Street,

in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the said Road passes through a very populous and rich Part of the County of Suffolk, where there are many Corn and Dairy Farms; and if Powers were given for repairing, widening, and improving the same, it would be of Advantage to all Persons having ocfcasion to travel thereon, and a considerable Improvement of the several Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas ' Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Land ^wher*, thereunder-subscribed, was presented to the House, and moria Jndo-' read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, sure Bill. and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are Owners of Estates, or otherwise interested in such Fields, Pasture, and Common; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be injurious to the said Property intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners therein: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, that it may not

Sass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such lelief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Salt.iih Road* A Petition, as well of the Trustees acting under and Petition. by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the first passed in the 2d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, and the other passed in the 17th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said first Act, as of the Creditors on the Tolls collected and levied on the said Roads, and of the principal Inhabitants residing near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Powers given in the said Acts, the Sum of £.3,347. 55. hath been borrowed at different Times upon the Credit of the Tolls on the said Roads, and, 7

together with the Tolls and Composition Money, hath been duly laid out and expended; and that the said Roads are now in bad Repair, and great Part thereof so ruinous as to be unlafc for Travellers, and the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring; and that the Whole of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls is still owing, together with Three Years Intereil; and that the present Tolls are insufficient to keep down the Interest of the Money already borrowed, and to repair the said Roads, and defray other incident Expences, whereby the Credit of the said Roads is so low that the Trustees are unable to borrow any more Money thereon, and to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in one or more Bill or Bills, for the Purpose of repealing so much of the said first Act as provides or enacts, that nothing in that Act shall extend, or be construed to extend to impower the Trustees iappointed or to be appointed to put that Act in Execution, to erect, or cause to be erected, any Gate, or Turnpike or Stop Gate, the South of Plymouth Side of Swilly, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, and for authorizing the Trustees of the said A.fts to advance the Tolls on the said Roads, and from Time' to Time to reduce, and again to raise the fame, and aho to erect additional Turnpike Gates upon the said Roads, and the Sides thereof; and build a Toll-house or Toll-houses thereto, in such Manner as shall be deemed reasonable; and likewise to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, granted by the said Acts of Parliament, for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, paying the Money borrowed, or to be borrowed, on the Credit of the said Tolls, and the Interest thereof; and for giving the Petitioners such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jeffery, Sir William Elford, 8cC.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Dublin Prison of* the Sheriffs of the County of the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Coningfcy tion of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners e 1 and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, . if the same were divided and allotted in Severalty unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, exonerated from Tythes, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Ellison, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Surrey and Sussex Roads Petition.

Swinfcoe

Inclosure

Petition.

Account of Dil poli t ion of Grants, p relented.

Appendix >

(No. 18.

Bill refbefting the Sale of Eels, prei'cnted.

42 Geo. III. 50

A Petition of the {evenil Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of , and to Sutton and

Kingston, and from Vauxhall Br, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts then in Force as related to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witchcross ,in the County of was presented to House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees if the said recited Act was wholly repealed, and all the Powers and Authorities necessary to be granted, or continued, for repairing all the said Roads, were consolidated in one Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. -

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Hamlet or Township of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Blore, in the County of Stafford, several Commons, Moors, or Open Common lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested, and inclosed, they might be rendered of much greater Value than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. under such Regulations as the House shall think pa per.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville LevefonGower and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Alcock (from the Treasury) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1801 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads; so far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pevufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to I this Volume.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend to much of an Act, made Vol. 57.

in the 29th Year of the fteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining,

" amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made " in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market " for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and " for preventing the for eft ailing and monopolizing of Fish;

" and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act (f the " Fit ft Year of his late Majesty'sReign, in case the " same are taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to *

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg: And presented. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the the southern Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for w*leFishethe further encouraging the Southern Whale Fiftie- nes*

" ries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfitlart presented to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Address to His Majesty, of the 5th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, presented;

An Account of all Places for Life or Lives, whether held by Patent or otherwise, specifying the Dates of such Patents, or other Instruments, by which such P;aces are held; the Names of the Persons who hold the fame; and the Salaries and Fees belonging the reto: And also, a like Account of all Patents of such Places granted to any Person or Persons in Reversion.

Together with several Appendixes referred to therein.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Appendixes are preserved amongst the

other Papers of this Session; and the Account Appendix, is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 19.)

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Plymouth thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town ^dbp^nage and Neighbourhood of Plymouth, in the County of Petition. Devon, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the Heuse.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Parcels of oozy and fendy Land, being Part of a certain Place called The Lairy, lying near the said Town of Plymouth, one of which said Parcels of Land is situate between a Point of Land called Great Prince Rock, and another Point of Land called Mount Gold Point, and is commonly known by the Name of Tot hill Bay, and the other Parcel of Land is situate between another Point of Land called

Arnold's

A. 1802.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts referred; Extraordinary* of Army.

Navy Debt.

Militia

re-embodied*

Ways and

Means,

deferred*

Arnolds Point, and the Viiiage of Crab Tret, and is commonly called Upfon Bfy, otherwise Lake, and which said Parcels of Land are daily overflowed by the Sea, and arc thereby rendered totally unproductive; but, if the same were properly embanked, and protected from the Influx of the Sea, the same might be cultivated and rendered of public Benefit; and that the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown and Dignity, is entitled to the said Parcels of Land; and that the embanking and protecting of the said Parcels of Land from the Influx of the Sea will be attended with a great and heavy Expence, which the Petitioners are willing to sustain if the said Parcels of Land were vested in them, and Powers granted them for carrying these Purposes into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IV Elford, Mr. tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it Hood on the 31st 1801, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pay for the Militia, re-embodied under His Majesty's Warrant, dated the 3d August 1801, and of other Expences attending their being called out, carried up to the 24th tember 1801 indulive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the tloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p'leate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuneZy 8° die Februarii;

Anno 42° Georgii III," Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. AJlett (from Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- 5aUoMl°nof land) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Debt, . the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- Prefe"te<1-tions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 5,310,511. 9*. 9 d. in one Year, from the 3d February 1801 to the 31st January 1802, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume (No. 20.)

A Petition of several of the Land Owners, and Per- Great fons interested in the Open Fields, Pallures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Crop- Petition. well Bishop, otherwise Great Cropwell, in the County of

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the lame, together with the said Commons and Commonable Grounds, were divided and allotted amongst the said Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefiye praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 26th Day of November last, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several of the Land Owners and Persons interelled in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Cropwell, in the County of No," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Lord William Cavendish Bentinck, and Mr. Pierrepont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Finingliam mons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Fining-ham and Gijlingham, in the County of Suffolk, except a incioiure Bill, certain Plot therein described, was read a Second Time, committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frere,

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Haytieford Warrens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frere,

Nix. Act ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Warn,*fter thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Droitwicf*

Act

42 Geo. III.

A61 herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 3 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Wor cester, through to

bourne Bridge, within the Parish of , in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said, Roads, which still remain due, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Mr.

Andrew Foley, bee.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Worvlbridge Sir Thomas Charles Bureported from the Com-ROad mittee> to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, rtpocted. Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, Tyt.hes, and Hereditaments, within the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas JVayth being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Shire Hall, in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: That the said Road pafies through a very populous and rich Part of the County of Suffolk, where there are many Corn and Dairy Farms, and, if Powers were given for repairing, widening, and improving the same, it would be of great Advantage to all Persons having occasion to travel' thereon, and a considerable Improvement of the several Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Plymouth A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are RouPetition, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, one passed in the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the others in the 17th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gaffing Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read;

Vol. 57.

89

Setting forth. That the present Approach to the Town of Plymouth is rendered extremely difficult and inconvenient by a certain Hill called Lipfon Hill, in the Parish of Charles, within the Borough of P; and it would

be of considerable Advantage and Convenience to the Town of Plymouth and Neighbourhood, and likewise of great public Utility, if a new Road were made from a certain Village called Crab Tree, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, through certain Marsh Lands, known by the Name of The Lairy, to the said Town of Plymouth, whereby the said Hill called Lipfon Hill would be avoided, and if such new Road were put under the Controul and Direction of the several Persons nominated or appointed Trustees for carrying the said several Acts into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Elford, Mr. BaJJard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Hornlngfea thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of, petitloa.* or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Parish of Horningsea, in the County of Cambridge, certain old Inclosures. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but might be of great Benefit to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed; and if the said Lands and Grounds were exonerated from the Payment of Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeane and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Haddington, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Bur^'Writ> the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present urg n Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Haddington,

Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in the room of Robert Baird, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Defforough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and im- canterbury proving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury and Raniigate to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the f0°mmiued. County of Kent, and for suspending and varying, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Watson, the Lord Marsham,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A a AP«-

8° Februarii.

Maltby and Stain ton Inclosure Petition*

Pitney Lort^e Inclolnre Bill presented.

Barkefvrell Incloi'ure Bill; committed*

Handsworth

Inclosure

Petition.

Leeds and OtJey Road Petition*

80 Februarii. A. 1802.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, of the Manors and Townships of Maltby and in the

West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manors and Townships several Common Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be an Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in fu.ch Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellifen, Mr. Henry Lascelles, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ditkinfott presented to the House, according to ' Order, a Bill for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney , in the County of SomerJ'et: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell, in the County of Warwick, was read a

Second Time.

RefoLved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn, Sir John Mordaunt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Manor and Parish of worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 473 Acres or thereabouts; and, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rest rid ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for the Care of the District of Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Leeds to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of Ywas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the Dillrid of Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid District of Road from Leeds to Otley, several Sums of Money have been bor-

rowed, which still remain due and owing on the Credit 9

of the Tolls and Duties to arise on the said District of Road; and that the said District of Road cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to arise- thereon be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the 21 ft Year of His present Majesty's Reign be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thoie Purposes, under such Regulations 2S to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Flixton thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Township of Flixton, otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, computed to contain in the Whole upwards of 2,600 Acres, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so situate as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, the same would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain and amend St. Leonard an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Paving'b!'iu Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act committed/ " for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing " the Streets, within the Parish of Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better en-

" lightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages,

" and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch " and Beadles within the said Parish," and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Ellingham, of, and Persons interested in, the Open Field, Half- ^.^Jofure Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, c 1 lon' Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and , in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes several Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit; but, if the same were divided and inclosed,

and

and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be of considerable Advantage to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Coke of , Mr.

and Mr. Jodrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Down ham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

D4hr e&C* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Petition! others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Down-ham Market, IVimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and,

in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said several Parishes divers Fen Lands and Low Grounds, containing together 1,600 Acres or thereabouts, a very considerable Part whereof being liable to be flooded and much damaged by Water, are at present of little Value; and it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, if all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds were properly drained and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effetfting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it . shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. AJlley, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Graveley A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inciofure thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, tition. anj otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Secretary at War, and General Adeaue, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Henllan A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc inclosure thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish large and extensive Tracts of Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estima-tion, 4,000 Arces and upwards, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value to the Persons interested therein; but, if the same were divided into specific Allotments among the several Parties interested therein, considerable Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore VOL.57.

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Hoyfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Charles Watkin Williams IVynn and Sir Watkin Williams

Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Maldftone thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the RoadPetitlon* several Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Than an Act was passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidfone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, and another Act was palfed in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed, and taken up at Interest, a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Bloxam, Mr.

Tufton, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in the Kings'sBench King's Bench: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of

Cardigan;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it SuPP*D was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy Debt. That a Sum not exceeding Two Millions, be granted to His Majesty, towards discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordina-That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Eight Hundred rifJ o{ Forty-seven Thousand One Hundred and Seventy-four Army* Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved,

Militia rc-cm-budicd*

Committee of Ways and Means*

Report on for encouraging the Southern Whale Firtierie*.

Debtors

ft diet Bill, ordered.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fourteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pay for the Militia, re-embodied under His Majesty's Warrant, dated the 3d of 1801, and of other Expences attending their being called out; carried up to the 24th Day of December 1801 inclusive.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr- Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJohed, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 38 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further encouraging the Southern " Whale Fisheries," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that such of the Premiums granted by the said Act which are near expiring, should be continued for a further Term, and the said Act amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander and the Lord Glenbo-vie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 3id Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors with respect to " the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige " Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery " of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Charles JVatkin Williams Wynn, Sir Henry Paulet, St. John Mildmay, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fiunc.

Account of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-lorTuc'tobt count of ah Places for Life or Lives, whether held by printed.' ° Patent or otherwise, specifying the Dates of such Patents,

or other Instruments, by which such Places are held; the Names of the Persons who hold the same; and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto; and also, a like Account of all Patents of such Places granted to any Person or Persons in Reversion, together with the several Appendixes referred to therein, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read*;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the e erre whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

THE House beiing met, the Clerk at the Table Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, this Morn- re,5sns* ing, received a Letter from Mr. Speaker: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Palace Yard,

9th February 1802.

Sir,

His Majesty having been graciously pleased to signify His Intention of appointing me Chancellor of , it has become my Duty to resign the Chair of the House of Commons; which I request you to communicate to the House, at their Meeting this Day.

I must entreat you at the same Time to express to them, in the strongest Terms, the regret with which I quit the high Situation to which their Favour hadraised me; and my Gratitude for their constant and kind Assistance and Support, in my humble Attempts to discharge the arduous Duties of that important Office.

I have the Honour to be.

With the most sincere Esteem and Regard,

Sir,

Your most humble, and obedient Servant,

John Ley, Esquire, John

See. See. &c.

After which, and before any Member spoke, the Mace was brought into the House by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That His Majesty, under the Circumstances referred to in Mr. Speaker's Letter, gives Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker; and that it is His Majesty's Pleasure that this House should present their Speaker on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation.

And then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (addref-sing himself to the Clerk, who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) moved. That the House do now adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

Wr. Abbot chosen Speaker*

Mr. Speaker approved by the King.

4a Geo. III. 10° — -1

Mercuriiy 1 o° Februarii;

Anno 420 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802.

R. Serjeant came, and brought the Mace, and laid it under the Table.

Then the Right honourable Sir William Grants Knight, Matter of the Rolls (addressing himself to the Clerk, who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then (at down) took Notice of the Proceedings of the House of Yesterday relative to Mr. Speaker's Resignation, and to the Leave given by His Majesty for the House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker; and thereupon proposed to the House for their Speaker, the Right honourable Charles Abbot; in which Motion he was seconded by William Baker, Esquire.

Then Charles Dun das, Esquire, was proposed by Richard BrinjleySheridan, Esquire, who was seconded by the Right honourable Lord George Henry

Cavendish; and John Courtenay, Esquire, also supported the said Motion.

And thereupon the said Mr. Abbot and the said Mr. Dundas respectively addressed themselves to the

House.

And after a Debate in relation to both the said Persons, the Question was put by the Clerk, That the Right honourable Charles Abbot do take the Chair of this House, as Speaker; and agreed to.

Whereupon the said Mr. Abbot was conducted to the Chair by the said Matter of the Rolls, and Mr. Baker-, where, (landing upon the upper Step of the Chair, he again addressed himself to the House, and made his respectful Acknowledgments to the House, for the high Honour conferred upon him; and allured the House that it should be his constant Endeavour to merit their good Opinion, by a diligent and impartial Discharge of his Duty.

And then he fat down in the Chair; and the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid, by the Serjeant, upon the Table.

And Mr. Secretary at War congratulated Mr. Speaker cleft.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer taking Notice, that His Majesty's Pleasure had been signified to the House, Yesterday, that the House should present their Speaker Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation, moved to adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Then Mr. Speaker cleft put the Question for adjourning the House until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock; which being agreed to, the House was adjourned accordingly; and Mr. Speaker elect went away, without the Mace before him.

Jovisy ii° die Februarii;

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

A MESSAGE was delivered by Mr. Quarme Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty': Commission*, desire the immediate Attendance of thi:

i° Februarii 93

Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to the said Lords Commissioners for His Majesty's Royal Approbation: And,

Then the Lord High Chancellor, One of the said Lords Commissioners, signified His Majesty's Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, authorizing and empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Stissex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify His Majesty's Royal Approbation of the Choice made by this House of him to be their Speaker; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Hobart, and the Lord named also in the said Commission, did declare and notify the same accordingly.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his respectful Acknowledgments to the House: Alluring the House of his zealous and unremitting Devotion to their Service, his prompt Obedience to their Commands collectively, and his cordial Assistance to their Labours individually: And he intreated the Assistance of the House, in support of its own Authority, to maintain its ancient and constitutional Privileges inviolate, and to uphold the regularity of its Proceedings; never forgetting that the Forms of the House were the Safeguards of its Privileges, and that those Privileges were the Rights of the People.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Company of Proprietors have, at a very great Expence, completed the Navigation of the said River from the Town of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, to the Town of Maidstone, for all Vessels of Forty Tons Burthen, which is the Burthen required to be provided for by Act of Parliament; and that a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the (hid Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose; by which Bill it is proposed to take a Toll for all Cattle passing over the said Bridge; and that a Petition has also been presented to the House, by the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said City and Neighbourhood, in which, after dating that by the Improvements and Repairs intended to be done by the said Bill, not only the Passage over the said Bridge will be rendered more commodious, but that the Navigation of the said River will be very considerably improved by the widening of one of the Arches; the said Petitioners alledge, that as all Persons navigating the said River, and passing under the said Bridge will be materially benefited by the Alteration proposed to be made in the said Arches, it is reasonable that they also should contribute towards the Expence of improving the said Bridge, by which Means the Tolls to be taken for passing over the said Bridge need not be set so high; and that from the Time the said River Medway was made navigable by the said

A Copy of the said Commission is inserted at the End of this Day's Proceedings.

Vol. 57. B b Company

Petition of

Medway

Navigation

Company,

against Ro-

Chdter Bridge

Bill*

Cante.hury ami Sandwu Road Petition, reported.

\V.-\horne

Inclosure

I'ctitlU*

Company of Proprietors to the present Time (a Period Waborne , in the County of Norfolk, and the of Fifty Years and upwards) the Barges employed by the humble Petition of the several other Perl'ons, whole laid Company have passed and repassed under Rochester Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- Bridge, the Arches of which, in their former State, were prietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments* sufficiently wide to give a free Passage to such Barges; and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other and that no Enlargement of the Arches of the said Rights and Interests within the Parish of , in the

Bridge can be made in any Way or Degree beneficial County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; to the Petitioners, the Locks upon their Navigation not Setting forth, That there are, within the said t Parish, allowing for a Vessel of more than Forty Tons Burthen divers Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, to pass the fame, and all the Vessels employed within Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, their District being accordingly built of that Size; and Commonable and Waste Grounds, which are subject to that the Petitioners represent to the House, that they certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common,

Hull be materially injured if the Vessels employed upon and great Part thereof inconveniently situated; and it their Navigation be compelled to pay Toll for passing would be advantageous to the several Parties interested, under Rochester Bridge: And therefore praying. That if the same were divided, and specific Parts thereof in case Provision shall be made in the said Bill, for laying allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, such Pontage Toll as aforesaid, they may be heard, by Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That their Count'd, Agents, and Witnesses, against the fame. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law with any aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to such Provision in it j or that the Petitioners may have the House shall seem meet.

such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-seem meet. suant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Jodrell, Mr. Act ley, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do

Consuleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill prepare, and bring in, the fame, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said A Petition of Jonathan Miles, Esquire, Lord of the Snearon Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. Manor and Soil of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Com- County of York, for and in Behalf of himself and other mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read;

Petition. Setting forth. That there are certain Commons and

Waste Lands, lying and being in the Manor and Parish

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do make the of> Sncontaining, in the Whole, 1,800 Acres or 1 Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of little the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- Value; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and feribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Persons interested, of the Town and Port of Sandwich,* in the County of according to their several Rights and Interests, verycon-Kent, and of the several Parishes and Places in the siderable Benefit would be derived by them from the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred. Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore

sfr Edward Knatchbull accordingly reported from the Paying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for said Committee,- That the Committee had examined, the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and and found that the Standing Orders of the House, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and seem nieet.

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-said Petition, which they had deeded to be reported to suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Jodrell, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry , do

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where prepare, and bring in, the fame, the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. A Petition of Sir Tapps, Baronet, and of Christchurch,

John Hodges being examined, said, That the Road leading the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto p^"^ofure from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons inte-Satuhvich, in the County of Kent, in and through the relied in, certain Commonable Lands and Waste several Parillies of Saint Paul and Saint Martin, in the Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch and Parish or said City, the Boroughs of Longport and Caldecot, and Chapelry of Holdenhurst, in the County of the several Parishes of Littleborne, Well, Ickham, Wing- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ham. Staple, Ash next Sandwich, and Woodnesborough That the said Commonable Lands are divided in small otherwise Winjborough, in the said County, and the Parcels, intermixed with each other, and the said Waste

Parish of Saint Mary the Virgin, in the said Town and Grounds consist of large Tracts of Commonable Pasture,

Port, or feme of them (being a very public and much partly covered with Furze and Heath, of very little frequented Road) is much out of Repair, and in many Value, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any Places narrow, circuitous, and incommodious for Tra- considerable Improvement; but, if the fame, or certain vcllers and Carriages; and that it would be of great Parts thereof, were divided into specific Shares, and public Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants allotted amongst the several Persons interested, in Proof Canterbury, Sandwich, Deal, the Isle of Thanet, and the portion to their respective Rights and Interests, they adjacent Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, might be considerably improved1: And therefore praying, widened, and improved. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, and inclosing, the said Commonable Lands repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and and Parish or Chapelry of Holdenhurst aforesaid, contain-Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent: And that ing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, Sir John Hony- Regulations and Orders, as to the House ifrall seem wood, and Mr. Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the meet.

fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that A Petition of the Right honourable Horatio Lord Mr. Chute and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and Walpole, Lord of the several Manors of Waborne and bring in, the fame.

8 A Petition

42 Geo. III. n°

HorftanKoad

Petition.

SpeHbuiy

Inclosure

Petition*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed as herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That an Act was palfed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of through

Dorking, Mickleham, and Leaf her head, to the Watch House in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capellto Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; and that another Act was passed in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts should be repealed, and other Tolls granted instead thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houses

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Ruffe 11, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Sp in the County of Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested, according to their several and respective Rights, great Advantage would be derived therefrom; but the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds until the Time forgiving Notices, agreeably to the Orders of the House, was elapled; and that it will be attended with great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allotments and Inclosure in this present Session; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioners may have Leave to give such Notices in the Months of February and March, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almarie Spencer,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

VOL. 57.

Sir Thomas Charles Banbury presented to the House, Woodbridge according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, im- an^.®yeKoad proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from presented. the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of to

the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Elf or d reported from the Committee, to Plymouth whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the petition, 8 Town and Neighbourhood of Plymouth, in the County reported, of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving Lands, as it appeared to the Committee, that the several Parcels of Land mentioned in the Petition are at present Mud Land, and daily overflowed by the Tide of the Sea; and it did not appear to the Committee that any private Interest is concerned in the said Land, nor is there any Rate to be laid thereon; that the said Land is extra-parochial, and the Whole Property belongs to His Majesty in Right of His Crown; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Henry Woollcombe being examined, said, That he knows the Situation of the several Parcels of land mentioned in the Petition, containing 181 Acres or thereabouts; that the same are constantly overflowed by the Sea, and are thereby rendered totally unprodudlive; but, if the same were properly embanked and protedled from the Influx of the Sea, they might be cultivated and rendered of public Benefit, and will by that Means be accessary to the making a new Approach within the last Three Miles of Plymouth, in the Great Western Road from London to that Place, by which a considerable Distance will be saved, and some very considerable steep Hills avoided — And the Witness further said.

That in carrying the above useful Work into Execution, the same will be attended with a great and heavy Expence, which the Petitioners are willing to sustain if the said Parcels of Land were vested in them, under proper Regulations granted for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Sir William Elf ord reported from the Committee, to Plymouth whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names p^en, are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying reported, into Execution Three several Acts, one passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the others in the 17th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, as the Land over which the intended new Road is to be made is the Property of His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, and that the Consent of His Majesty to the Grant of such Land was not obtained until the Time limited for giving the regular Notices had expired; but that the Parties caused Notices to be published Three Times in The

Exeter

96

Exeter Fixing Pofi, in the Month of January last, and the present Month of and also caused the

like Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses of Exeter and at the last

Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the above-recited Acts were read: And,

Mr. Henry Woollcombe being examined, said. That the present Approach to the Town of Plymouth is rendered extremely difficult and inconvenient by a certain Hill, Called Lipfon Hill, in the Parish of within the Borough of Plymouth; and that it would be of considerable Advantage and Convenience to the Town of Plymouth and Neighbourhood, and likewise of great public Utility, if a new Road were made from a certain Village called Crab Tree, in the Parish of Buck land, through

certain Marsh Lands, known by the Name of The Lairy, to the said Town of Plymouth, whereby the said Hill called Lipfon Hill would be avoided; and if such new Road were put under the Controul and Direction of the several Trustees appointed to put the before-mentioned Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

ChffterfleU Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Brilt^Roads ^ie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition, thereunto fubl'cribed, on Behalf of themselves and reported. others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two

Acts, made for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and the other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, pafficl in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21st Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the said Rc'ids, were read: — And,

Mr. Bernard Lucas, Junior, being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with a large Arrear of Interest, still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rozvefiey , all

in the County of Derby: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendifit do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ..

A, 1802.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Billrefpsfling 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amend- committed.

" 'ing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, An All for making a free Market for the " Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and " for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the Year " of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken " with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, . upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Tyrone Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Tyrone, in the room of the Right honourable Lowry Corry, commonly called Lord Viscount now Earl of Belmore, a Peer of the United Kingdom.

Mr. Charles Watkin Williams Wynn presented to the Debtors House, according to Order, a Bill to extend, and render premia!1* more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Lincoln Gaol in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the -

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That' the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of WestGrin-Radnor, and the humble Petition of the several other ^ntioiiire* Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Petition, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parishes of West Grinficadand White in the County of Wilts, adjoin each other, and there are within the same several Open Commonable Fields,

Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying in small Pieces and Parcels, and dispersed, whereby they cannot be occupied to the best Advantage; and it would be beneficial to the Persons interested if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for dividing and allotting the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Folkefione and Mr. Dawkins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, accord- Southern ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Premiums ^hery Bill,

allowed prelsnted.

it0 Februarii.

Humptree, &c. Inclosure l*et2tk>n.

Report, Ways and Means.

allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery: And the same vyas received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Viscount Newark, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates within the Manors or Townships of Plumptree and Clipstone, in the Parish of Plumptree, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors or Townships, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable, Wade, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,770 Acres or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; and, if the same were divided into specific Parts and Shares, and inclosed, great Advantage would arise to the several Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he

read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exdieouer That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- '1S* jesty, the Sum of Two Millions One Hundred Thou find Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, arid Mr.

Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, To-inorrow Morning, Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred‘ consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act respect-37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iqti- ^feary'^Tb® tuled, " An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty considered.

" of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded " between His Majesty and the United States of Ante*

" rica," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Copy of His Majesty's Commission

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith. To all to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Whereas, We have lately, for divers difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Church, ordained this Our present Parliament to begin and be held at Our City of Westminster, on the Twenty-second Day of January, in the Forty-first Year of Our Reign, on which Day Our said Parliament was begun and held, and is there now holden. And whereas We have been informed, that the Lower House of Our said Parliament have lately made Choice of our Trusty and well-beloved Councillor Charles Abbot, in the room of Our Trusty and well-beloved Councillor Sir John Mitford, to be Speaker of the said Lower House of Our said Parliament, of which Choice We are graciously pleased to approve, and to allow and confirm the fame: And forasmuch as for divers Causes and Considerations We cannot conveniently at this Time be present in Our Royal Person in Our said Parliament; Know ye, That We, trusting in the Fidelity and Care of Our most dear and entirely beloved Son and most faithful Councillor George Prince of Wales, Our most dear Sons and faithful Councillors Frederick Duke of York, William Duke of Clarence, Edward Duke of Kent, Ernest Duke of Cumberland, Augujhts Duke of Sussex, Adolphus Duke of Cambridge, Our most dear Brother arid faithful Councillor William Duke of Gloucester, the most Reverend Father in God and Our faithful Councillor John Archbishop of

Vo 1. 57.

approving of the Choice of Speaker.

bury. Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor John Lord Our Chancellor of that Part of Our United Kingdom called Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors William Henry Duke of Portland, President of Our Council; John Earl of Westmorland, Keeper of Our Privy Seal; John Duke of Roxburgh; James Marquis of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household; George Earl of Leicester, Steward of Our Household; Philip Earl of Chesterfield, George John Earl Spencer, John Jeffries Earl Camden, Charles Earl of Liverpool, John Earl of Saint Vincent, Alexander Earl of Rofslyn; Our well-beloved and faithful Councillors, Robert Lord Hobart, one of Our principal Secretaries of State; Thomas Lord Pelham, one other of Our principal Secretaries of State; Thomas Lord Walsingham, William Lord Aucklanand Lord

yon, Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us; by the Tenor of thele Presents, do give and grant to them, or any Three or more of them, full Power in Our Name to declare and notify Our Royal Approbation of the Choice of the said Charles Abbot to be Speaker of the said Lower House of Our said Parliament, and to allow and confirm the said Charles Abbot to be Speaker of the said Lower House, and to do all and every Thing and Things in Our said Parliament that may be necessary, and for declaring Our said Royal Approbation, Allowance, and Confirmation of the said Charles Abbot to be Speaker of the said Lower House of Our said Parliament. In Witness whereof We have cauled these Our Letters to be made Patent. Writness Ourself at Westminster, the Tenth Day of February, in the Forty-second Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself,

Signed with His own Hand.

Bathurst and Bathurst.

Cc

98

12° Februarii.

A. 1802.

V1enerisj 12* t//V Februarii;

Anno 42* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Accountt pre tented:

Prohibited Enlt India Goods.

Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts, palfed for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 7th Day of December last, pursuant to the

Prayers.

THE House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; ~ , r- , „ r r , - , „

they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the StandlnS order of the House of the 7<h Day of Houte, puimant to the Directions of several Acts of *794* .

Parliament OrThat the said Report be now taken into

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods imported ^urjL^er Consideration.

into the Warehouses in Saint Helen's, and New Street, „ The Houl"e accordingly proceeded to take the said Bishopgate Street, in the Port of London, for China, Coast, Re^rt into further Consideration.

Surat, and Private Trade Prohibited Goods, from Mi- And ln[ormed that feve/a* r Amendments chaelmas 1800 to Michaelmas 1801, what exported dur- are nec^ssary to be made to the said Bill; ing that Period, and what remained in the said Ware- That the said Bui be re-committed. Bill, re-com-

D»

ing

houses at Michaelmas 1801, as per Accounts: And also,

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouse in New Street, Bishopgate Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1800 to

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the mined. Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

D»

D»

D*

Naval Stores from Russia.

I>

Whale Ships.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition of Michaelmas 1801, also what exported during that Time, Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, and of the Company companie* and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, against D* 1801: And also, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice BlU*

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods remain- of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That a certain Clause ing in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London is inserted, authorizing and empowering the said Comat Michaelmas 1800, what have been since brought in, pany of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Na-what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1801: vigation, in case of their making a Communication, by

And also. Locks, for Boats navigating the said Canal (over ana

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be above the Rates of Tonnage which they are entitled to worn in this Kingdom in the respective Warehouses in take by virtue of an Act, passed in the 34th Year of the the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1800, what have been since Reign of His present Majesty, for making their said brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Canal) to demand and take, for the Lockage or Ton-Michaelmas 1801: And also, nage of all Coal, and other Articles, which shall be na-

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods which vigated on any Part of the said Canal, by Means of such remained out of the Bengal and Coast Warehouses in Locks, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Shjlling New Street, Bishopgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, per Ton on every Ton of such Coals or other Articles; and the Custom House, in the Port of London, at Mi- and that the said Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation were, by the 'said recited Act, authorized to take a Tonnage of Two Pence Halfpenny per Ton per Mile for Coals carried along their said Canal, which (reckoning the Length at Ten Miles)

chaelmas 1800, in order to be dyed, glazed, and re-freshed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1801: And also.

Lift of Persons in the (Juf-toms put upon the Superannuation Fund.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia would amount to the Sum of Two Shillings and One into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1800 to Mi-Penny per Ton; and the Petitioners conceived, that such chaelmas 1801: And also. Sum, with the Common Expence of Freight, would be

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia the whole Expence of conveying Coals along the said into the Ports of England commonly called The Out Canal, and that, although Power was given by the said Ports, from Michaelmas 1800 to Michaelmas 1801: And original Act to the said Company to adopt Inclined also. Planes, or other Contrivances, the Canal was neverthe-

An Account of the Number of Ships which have fess to be executed in such a Manner as to be equally been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights convenient, and to convey Coals, and other Goods, at and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Ton- as small an Expence, and in as good a State, as would nage. Ports from whence they were fitted out. Ports be done by a Canal constructed with Locks, according where they were discharged, and also the Quantity of to the Plans and Estimates given in by the said Com-Blubber imported in each Ship in the Year 1801: And pany to Parliment, and according to the true Meaning also, of the said Act, which, in the first enacting Clause, au-

A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the Ser- thorizes the said Company to make and keep navigable vice of the Customs, and have been put upon the Su- for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, their intended perannuation Fund since the 10th of February 1801; Canal; but the Petitioners find that the Expence of the Day on which the last Lift was submitted. Conveyance by the said Canal, as now executed, in-

And then they withdrew. eluding the Injury done to the Coals, is nearly double

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Lift were

Report on

Somtrlrtshire Coal Canal Navigation Bill, further cou/idered.

what it would be by a Canal with Locks, and that it is not capable of conveying so much Coal, nor so expeditiously, as a Canal with Locks, and is attended with great Inconvenience to the Public; and that the said Company ought, at their own Expence, to complete their Canal, and make it as commodious as, by the original Parliamentary Plan, it was intended to have been, without laying on any additional Tonnage on the A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Goods conveyed thereon; that such additional Tonnage the 5th Day of December last, was made from the Com- would fall upon the Public, and in many Instances on mittee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of the Petitioners, by obliging them to lower their Ton-Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to nage, in order to induce Persons to convey Coals on vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise their Canals after the high Charge of their previous *- Conveyance

read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

12° FebruanU

42 Geo. III.

Conveyance on the SomersetflCanal, although the Petitioners are at present limited to One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile (which is One Penny Ton iefs than the said Company are at present empowered to take) and have been respectively obliged to apply to Parliament for Powers to raise, and are actually railing, large Sums of Money, in Addition to the Sums originally subscribed, in order to complete their respective Engagements with the Public, without applying for any additional Tonnage: And therefore praying. That the said Clause may not be suffered to stand Part of the said Bill, and that the said Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation may not only be empowered, but enjoined, out of the first Money raised under the Powers of the said Bill, at their own Expence, to perform their Engagements with the Public, by making as complete and cheap a Communication between the Somersetjkire Colleries and the Kernel and Avon Canal as could be by a Lock Canal; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may effect their Rights and Interests; and have such Relief, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

other Peti- A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough

tions against and Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and ' also of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill and Clause; and Setting forth. That if the said Clause is carried into Effedlt, the Petitioners apprehend it would materially affect their Interests, by preventing them from being supplied with Coals and other Articles on the Line of the said Canal, at so cheap a Rate as they would otherwise be enabled to procure them: And therefore praying. That the said Clause may not be suffered to stand Part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Hunger-ford, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Great Bedivin, and of the Parishes of Froxfield, Burbage, Wootton-Rivers, Milton, Few fey, Wilcot,

Cannings, Etchelhampton, Kemtet, and Collingbourn-Ducis, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of sham, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough

of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and also of the Freemen and principal Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Caine, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Vo 1. 57.

other Inhabitants, of the Town of Wootion Bajfett, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thferetinto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Wantage, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentletnen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Cricklade, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Swindon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Abingdon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Farrir.gdon, and the '

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read j Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir John Throckmorton, Baronet, Lord Buckland of the Manors called Saint John's Manor and Duke's petition! Manor, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of Buckland, in the County of Berks, and Proprietor of a great Part of the Lands within the said Hamlet or Liberty, William Fermor and Francis Canning, Esquires,

Trustees named in the Will of Sir Robert Throckmorton,

Baronet, deceased. Proprietors of the Manor of the Rectory and Parsonage of Bokeland, otherwise and

of certain Lands within the said Hamlet or Liberty, as Lessees of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Bristol, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being also Proprietors of Lands within the said Hamlet or Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet or Liberty, several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed, and, in their present State, incapable of being improved, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested to have the same divided and allotted amongst them in Severalty, and their Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Charles Dundas and Mr. George Vanfttart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Kennmgjon thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Petition, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Paftuve,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes 'of

Sunningwell

Harwell

inclosure

Petition*

Fee hinf well

inclosure

Petition.

File fine re

C'an.il

Petition.

ioo 12° Februarii. A. i$o2.

Sunniugu'elJand Radley, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and l'pecific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr , George do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hamel/, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lauds and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. George Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Common Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Tything of within the Parish of Kingsclerein the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That therp are in the said Tything several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, which are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and if the same were divided and inclosed, they would be much improved, and rendered more beneficial to the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide, allot, and inclose, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations and Redactions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaiit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dnidus and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the 'Ellefnere Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Sating forth, That by an Act, made in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at in the County of Salop, to the River at or near Netherpool, in tire County of and all'o for making

and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, certain Persons were united into one Body Corporate, by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Ellefinere Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain, a Canal navigable and palfable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the River Severn, within the Liberties of the Town of in the County of Salop, to unite with the River Mersey, at or near ATether pod, in the County of Chester; and also to make, complete, and maintain, several Collateral Navigable

Cuts to branch from and out of the said Canal, as in the said Act mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors were, by the said Act, authorized to raise and contribute amongil themselves, in such Proportion a* they should think proper, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and the llefervoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding the Sum of £.400,000, except as therein is mentioned; and, if the said Sum should be found insufficient for making and completing the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the other Works by the said Act authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, the said Company of Proprietors were, by the said Act, enabled to raile and contribute amongst themselves, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, any ‘further or other Sum of Money, for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of £.50,000; and, in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of£.50,000, or any Part thereof, or any further Sum of Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of £.50,000, in addition to the said several Sums of £. 400,000 and £. 50,000, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were by the said Act authorized to borrow, and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said several Sums of £. 50,000 and £. 50,000, on the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and that the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to take and receive, for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, the several Rates therein mentioned, for the Tonnage and Wrharfage of all Coals, Stone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which should be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them; and it was thereby enacted, That none of the said Rates should be payable, demanded, or taken, by virtue of the said Act, for, or in respect of, any Boat, Barge, or Other Vessel, laden with Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone only, which might pass, or be navigated along any Part of the said Canal between Pont Cyfyltee and the upper End of the Cegedog Valley,

near Brumbo, in the County of Denbigh, provided such Boat, Barge, or other Veil'd, should pass or be navigated with the same Lading, Ten Miles at the lead along any other Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them, and should pay Tonnage, after the Rates in the said Act mentioned, for such Ten Miles, at the lead, in respect of the same Boat, Barge, or other Veil'd, and the Lading therein; and that, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the 36th and 4ill Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal and Cuts in the said Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain, several new Branches, to communicate therewith; and the Powers given by the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were, by the said respective Acts of the 36th and 41st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended, varied, enlarged, and amended; and that the making and maintaining of that Part of the said Canal between Pont Cyfyltee and the upper End of the Cegedog Valley, will be attended with a very considerable Expence; and it is reasonable that the said Company of Proprietors should, if they make and maintain the fame, be authorized to have, receive, and take, the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage upon and on the Banks thereof, as they are by the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorized to take and receive, in respect of Coals, Coak, Culm, Stone, Lime, Lime Stone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things, which shall be carried and conveyed upon any other Part of the said Canal and the Collateral Cuts

therein

Petition* in favour of D*,

therein mentioned; and that Shares to A considerable Amount of the said Sum of £. 400,000, which was intended to have been originally subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors amongst themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, were reserved for the Land Owners, through whose Lands the said Canal and Collateral Cuts were authorized to be made, some of which Land Owners have failed, or declined to accept the Shares so reserved for them as aforesaid, or to pay the Calls or Subscriptions thereon; by reason whereof, and of the Insolvency of some other of the original Subscribers, the Amount of the present Stock of the said Company is reduced to 333,000, the greatest Part whereof hath been expended in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and in carrying the Powers of the said several Acts into Execution; and that the Whole of the said Sum of D 400,000, intended to have been originally raised or contributed by the said Company of Proprietors amongst themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, will be necessary for the completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and the several Works, by the said several recited Acts authorized to be made and executed; and it is expedient, that the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized and empowered to raile so much Money as shall be necplfary to make up the Stock or Subscription of £. 400,000, so intended to have been originally raised or contributed for the Purposes of the said Undertaking as aforesaid, without retorting to the Powers, in the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, for railing, by Contribution amongst themselves, or by Mortgage of the said Navigation and Undertaking, the several additional Sums of £. 50,000 and £. 50,000, in the said Act of the 33d Year of His present Majesty mentioned; and that the said Company of Proprietors have, in pursuapee of the said recited Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; but it is found that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts are in some Respects defeftiye, and it is requisite that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring jn a Bill for. repealing so much of the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as restrains the said Company of Proprietors from taking any Rates of Tonnage or Wharfage in jrespect of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, laden with Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, which may pass or be navigated along any Part of the said Canal between Pont and the

lupper End of the Cegedog Valley, near Brwnbo,\n the County of Denbigh; and for authorizing the said Company to receive and take the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage upon and on the Banks of the said Canal, 4s they are by the said Acts, or any of them, authorized to receive and take upon any other Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; and also to authorise and empower the said Company of Proprietors to raise so much Money as shall, with the said Sum of £. 333,009, or such Part thereof as they shall hereafter be enabled to recover, make up the Whole of the said Sum of ,£.400,000} and that the Powers and Provisions of the said several Acts may be altered and amended, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as ,to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as jt shall appear, to them, to the.House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles W[r. Kynaston

Powell, &c.; And they are to meet To-iporr.QW Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Coal Mines, Stone Quarries, Lands, and Hereditament?,

Yol. 57.

lying near to that Part of the EllefmCanal which is

intended to be made between Pont Cyfyltee and the

upper End of Cegedog Valley, near , in the County of Denbigh, was also presented to the House*

and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned:

in the last preceding Petition: Arid praying* That,..in;

case any Bill shall be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid, the same may be passed into a Law. . *>

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Higham (from Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National ofational Debt) attended at the Door; he was called in; and*at Debt, the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the pi- Present#d-reftions.of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year,* ending the 31st January 1802.

And then he withdrew. *

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix Append:*, to this Volume, (IV 21.)

A Petition of Edmnnd Hill, Esquire, Proprietor and Haves Owner of the Rectory of Hayes, in the County of Mid- on^l',-'ure dlesex, and of all Tythes within the same Parhb, and of Part of the Lands within the said Parish, and also Patron of the Perpetual Curacies of Hayes and Norwood, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read-;

Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish Certain Open and Common Fields, Qqmmon Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons* Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds* Which,.in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improver ment; and it would tend tq' the Advantage of the Persons interested to have the lame divided §nd ior doled, and specifjc Parts allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Intevefts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH for dividing, allotting, and iqclosing, the said Lauds and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purr suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

Annesley, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Mainwaring,. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of James Graham, Esquire, Lord of the whatcotc Manor of IV,hat cote, in the County of Warwick, Patron.

of the Advowson of the Rectory of Whatcote, and Owner \

.or Proprietor of the principal Part of the Lands within '

the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are witjjin the l.aid Manor and Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present, Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend to the Advantage of the Persons interested to have the same divided and in-doled, and specific Parts allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the raid Petition: And that Mr.

Annesley and Sir George Augufus William Shuekburgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

Sir George AuguJljts William Shuekburgh Evelyn reported jjridge^nd from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Soutium Persons whole jNam.es are thereunto subscribed, being p°^son>

D d Trustees reported.

Saltly, ice.

Inclosure

Petition.

Che Her and Whitchurch Road* Petition.

12° Februarii.

A. 1802.

Trustees for executing Two passed in the 28th Yew of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Cross of Handy new Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read And,

Mr. Henry Rolls being examined, said. That the said Acts have been duly executed, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from 'The Cross of Hand, near Fin-ford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, being the First District of Roads comprized in the first of the said Acts, and the only one comprized in the last of the said Acts; and a considerable Progress hath been made in the Amendment of the Road within that District, and a Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls taken thereon. — And the Witness being further examined, said. That the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Road within the said District be effectually amended, widened* and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District, are continued and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlwging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Yew of the Reign of his late Majesty' King George the Second, and the 20th Yew of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And that Sir George William Shuck-

burgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or otherwise interested in, the Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Saltly and Wajkwood, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present State, incapable of considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to and amongst the several Persons interested, very great Advantage would be derived therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands, Ground, and Warren, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restri<ftions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John

Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 18th Yea of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchicrch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and also several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the First District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed for the said First District of Roads have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly maintained and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so fw as relates to the said District, be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said First District of Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appew to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the confkton Act herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, RoadPetitioa. and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 2ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Nether . Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red

Bull, in Church Lawton, in the said County; and that the Trustees appointed In or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due, and cannot' be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged--, and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eifedting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the farrfe, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. CholmondeleJ,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Leicester Gaols in and for the County of Leicester, and the Borough of Leicester, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and piiaying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ao- Exchequer cording to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Two Bll'» Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or pre e,te Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom,

dom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee cm Act inspecting American Treaty,

defined.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hodle to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of " Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of ,"

as relates to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Southern Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second mt Riding of the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed committed.1* to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

KO respect- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House the Sale of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1*, deferred. Upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, " amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free " Market for the Sale of in the City Westminster; " and for fareventing the forejialling and monopolizing of Fish -, and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of " the First Year of his late Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Report respecting Plymouth Embankment and Drainage,

Hackney Road

Petition,

eported*

' The Hdufe, according to Order, resolved itself into 'a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom . the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Plymouth, in the County of ‘ Devon, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Willihm Elford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the Tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition- of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts thereinafter-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Vo L. 57;

Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire<sted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 2zd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the 11th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hitt, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Greets, to the Turnpike at

Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was read: —

And,

Mr. William Langmore being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on th'e Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 1 ith, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and crols Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex: And that;

Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, accord- me of Dog* ing to Order, a Bill for making, repairing, widening, Road Bi''» improving, and maintaining, and for watching, light- pteentt ' ing, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called 'The Commercial Road, from the India

Docks, in the Iftc of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and all'o a Branch or lliort Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Little Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Harmondf-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and worth, &c. read; Setting forth. That there are within the several pctitionT Parishes of Harmcndsworth, Cranford, and ,. in

the County of Middlesex, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, ^id divers Waste Lands and Grounds, and the fame^are intermixed, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and allotted to the several Persons interested, it would be of great Advantage to them: And therefor^ praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

5 Orderedj,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

WiWmore A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti-

*nd Chapel1 f* tion of the several other Persons. whose Names are

Petition. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them'selves, and the several other Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and allotting a certain Fen called IVildmore' , in the County of by which the said Fen was directed to be divided and allotted into parochial and other general Allotments; and that it would be highly beneficial, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and allotted in Severalty to and amongst the Persons interested, according to their several Rights and Interests, the Allotments inclpfed, and the several Tythe Owners compensated for the Tythes thereof; and also, if Provision were made for declaring and determining in what Parishes the same Allotments, and also the Land authorized to be sold by the Commissioners under the said Act, shall be deemed to lie and be charged to Parochial Dues and Duties; and that it is apprehended, when the said Lands and Grounds are so divided, allotted, and inclosed, the same will be inhabited; and that, from the great Extent thereof, several of the Inhabitants will be so far distant from any Church or Chapel, that it will be necessary to erect one or more Chapel or Chapels for Divine Worship, and to endow the same with a sufficient Annual Income or Incomes out of the said Lands and Grounds, for one or more Minister or Ministers to perform Divine Worship therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peri'ons, Papers, and Records.

Tyburn and' A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

U*Ra-id»* thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several

Petition. Acts, passed in the ift.and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between 'Tyburn and in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Hanwell , through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between. Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and in carrying the other Purposes therein mentioned into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which have from Time to Time been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Man-

ner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng,

&c<: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rester, Churchwardens, and Over; Sf- Anne'* leers, of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Anne, within His Majesty's Liberty of Westminster, and of the several petition, other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Tower of the Church belonging to the said Parish having, in the Month of June 1800, been found to be very ruinous, it became necessary, according to the Report of expel-rienced Architects, that the same should be immediately taken down, which was accordingly done, and a con- '

siderable Progress hath been made in re-building the fame; and that, by taking down the said Tower, several '

Parts of the Church were unavoidably damaged, and the said Church is generally much out of Repair; and the Church-yard requires, as well by additional Vaults as otherwise, certain Improvements and Amendments for the better and more decent Interment of the Dead; and that the Place used as a Vestry Room for the said Parish was included in the said Tower, very inconveniently situated, in a ruinous State, and much fop small, and the Watch House and Engine House belonging to the said Parish, were so much out of Repair, that it became necessary they should be taken down, which was accordingly done, and a new Vestry Room, with a Watch House and Engine House, and Vaults under the fame, have been built; and that the Burying Ground adjacent to the said Church will, in consequence of the increased Population of the Parish, soon become too small, and is incapable of being enlarged, and it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Purchase of a Piece of Ground, or Premises, conveniently situated, to be used as a Cemetery for the said Parish; and that the Discharge of the Debts already incurred in the Progress of the re-building of the said Tower, and in building the said Vestry Room, Watch House, and Engine House, with Vaults under the fame, of defraying the Expence of the Repairs necessary to be done to the said Church and Church-yard, and the purchasing of Ground for an additional Cemetery as aforesaid, will altogether amount to a large Sum; and that the Money requisite to pay off the said Debts, and provide for the other Expences above-mentioned, cannot be raised according to the Method prescribed by the Laws now in being, without being very opprclfive on the Inhabitants of the said

Parish, and occasioning considerable Distress to the poorer Class of Housekeepers; and that an Act was passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby it was provided and directed, that the Sum of £.100 per Annum to be for the Use of, and paid to the Rector of the said Parish of Saint Amie for the Time being, should be raised by a special Rate oa the Inhabitants of the said Parish, which Mode of collecting the said Annual Sum has been found inconvenient and expensive; and the Petitioners conceive it would be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a more easy and less expensive Mode of paying the said Annual Sum were adopted.; and that, the Method of collecting the Rates for the Relief of 1 .*

the Poor of the said Parish, according to the Laws in f*'

being, hath been found inconvenient, and it would be of considerable Advantage to the Parish, if a more speedy and effectual Mode of collecting the same were established; and that the Poor of the said Parish are

very

Suckland

Inclosure

Jrtition.

Canterbury and Sandwich Road Bill, presented.

Petition of Hoy men, $cc, against Rochester Bridge Bill.

4a Geo. III. 12' Februarii.

IOS

Very numerous, and are supported and maintained in a House provided for their Reception, which House having become too final!, it is necessary that Powers should be granted for enlarging the lame, or providing another House or Place of Reception for the Poor in some other Place; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for appointing a Clergyman, with an adequate Stipend, to attend and instruct the Poor within the said House, and that proper Regulations should be established for the Management, Employment, and good Government of the Poor, as well within the said House, as all others receiving Parochial Relief within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efiedling the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideraoon of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MMr. By tig, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable Lands, or other Hereditaments, within the Manor of Buckland alias Bockland, in the Parish of West in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, certain Commons and Waites, and other Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any contiderable Improvement; but, if divided and allotted among the Persons interested, and their Allotments inclosed, it would tend greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for elledtuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mor land, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Gore Langton, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Knatchbull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent 1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Hoymcn, Barge Mailers, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Medway, between Ma'tdjloneand Roe Infer, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose; and Setting forth. That a Petition hath been presented to the House, praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for laying a Toll or Pontage on all Hoys and Barges passing under the said Bridge; and that the Wardens and Commonalty of the said Bridge are pod fifed of considerable Estates, producing a large Annual Revenue, applicable to the Support and Repair of the said Bridge; and that, for the Ptirpole of keeping; and maintaining the said River within the Limits

o o

aforesaid in a Navigable Srate, the Trade thereof is already burthened with a considerable Tonnage Rate on all Vessels navigating on the said River; and in case any such Toll or Pontage on Hoys and Barges, as

VOL. 57.

prayed for by the said Petition, should be established; it would prove highly grievous and burthensome to the Petitioners, injurious to Trade and Commerce in the Neighbourhood of the said River, and prejudicial to the Public: And therefore praying. That in case Provision shall be made in the said Bill for laying such Toll or Pontage as aforesaid, they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the fame* and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law with any such Provision in it; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Mundy presented to the Hoflle, according to Chesterfield Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ^"rid^Road* and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Bill,

33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Preftnte°‘

the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of

the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock; and also

the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley

Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of

the said last mentioned Road to the 'Turnpike Road

near Rowefley Bridge, all in the County of Derby: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Runtiam thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and impure and others. Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, potion? Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Open Fields,

Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated, and frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, Tor want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such Parts thereof as are liable to be overflowed with Water were drained:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Mr. Jodrell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lanercoft thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or otherwise interested in the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of 1r odder main, IVa!ton Wood, AJkertoh, and Lanercof, all in the Parish of Lanercoji, in the County of Cumberland, was patented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are,

E e within

Pirnev Lorrie Inl^'bre Bill, committed.

St. Giles'* (Cambridge) Inclosure Kill presented.

Alrewas

Inclosure

Petition.

?'.oHc fbm Inclosuic Petition.

106

12° Februarii.

A' 1802.

within the said Manors, several floors. Commons, and be very beneficial and advantageous to them; And Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in little Profit to the Persons interested; yet, il the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof, much Advantage would be derived therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I wave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Shaw Lefevrc and Lord Viscount Morpeth do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for

doling,

dividing.

A Petition of the Trullees for ^carrying into Execution Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His exchanging, allotting, and in- present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Rond

Sronnall and Castle Bromwich Road Petition.

the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the County of Corner jet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Gore Langton, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

inclosing,

from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Cliesler, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of and from Castle to

Birmingham, in the same County, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from a Village or Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of in the

for dividing, allotting, laying in Seve- said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge aforesaid, and the Open and Common Fields, from Castle aforesaid to Birmingham aforesaid,

being the Fourth District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees appointed to put in F.xecution the said first-mentioned Act, so far as relates to the said Fourth District of the said Roads, have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Fourth District several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of 2,300, and applied the same to the several Purposes by the said first-mentioned Act directed, which is now owing; and that the Roads within the

General Adean.e presented to the Hoyjfe, according to Older, a Bi ralty, and

Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of certain Open Meadows or Pastures,

or entitled to Rights of Common in and upon certain laid Fourth District cannot be effectually kept in Repair, Commonable Lands and Walk Grounds, within or and the Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrcivas, in the be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and further continued, and the Powers are altered and en-read; Setting forth. That there are, within or belonging larged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be to the said Manor or Parish, certain Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds, called Fradley Heath and Alrezvas Hay, and other Parcels of Common or Waste Ground, containing together, by Estimation, 2,200 Acres or thereabouts; and also certain Open Meadows,

commonly called the Orgreave Meadozv, Burway Meadow, Longlake Meadozv, Statfold Meadozv, Broadford

Meadozv, BurlakeMeadozv, EjJmgtonMeadozv, Mickle-

holm Meadow, Sal ter holm Meadow, and Nezv Close Meadow, containing together about 330 Acres; and that the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it

given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relate to the said Fourth District of the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to lx>rd Granville Leveson Mr. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's would be of great Benefit to the Persons interested if Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

the same were divided and allotted among the Persons having Right of Common thereon, and such Allotments inclosed and improved: And therefore praying,

and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trullees and Mortgagees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 26th \ ear allotting, inclosing, and improving, the said Lands and of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby de la Zoucfi, in the County of through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn at in the said County, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act bath been put in Execution, and great Progress made in amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, for which Purpose considerable Sums have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tells of the said thereunto lubtcribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Road, the greatest Part of which Hill remains unpaid; Eliates within the Parish of Rolleston, in the County of and that an Act was passed in the 19th Year of His Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering

'Pint Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing,

Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gozver and Sir Edward Littleton

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

forth. That there are within the said Parish several Commons and Waste Grounds, containing in the W hoi,:, by Estimation, 200 Acres or thereabouts, which, bung in general of a rich and fertile Nature, would, if inclosed and allotted amongst the several Persons inte-rejicd, according to their respective Rights and Interests,

be granted

Ashby de U y'ouch Road Petition.

and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act; and that the Amendment of the said Road cannot be completed, and the tame kept in Repair for the future, and the respective Sums due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless another Term, and lbme further Powers, And therefore praying, That Leave may

be

e

be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Act, and granting another Term, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ' shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Granville Gower,

Mr. Anf.ni, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition to A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Kemp?ford are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

and Dryffield others, Owners of Estates in the Parishes of in closure and Dry} field, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kcmpsford and in the County of Gloucester, whereby certain Peri'ons therein named were appointed Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution; and that, by the said Act, the Commissioners have no Power to allot and divide the Home-steads, Homeclofes, Orchards, Coppices, Woodlands, and other ancient Inclosures, in the said Parishes, nor have some of the Petitioners, and others interested in the said Inclosure, any Power given them to grant Leifes of their ancient Inclosures respectively; and that the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and, for Want of Power to a'lot such Homelteads ant! asicient Inclosures, the Estates and Farms of the Petitioners mull lie difiperil J, and be very incompaft, and inconveniently situated for Cu tivation; and tlsat it will be necessary a further Time should be allowed to the said Commissioners for completing and inrolling their Award; and that there is a considerable Quantity of Timber, and other Trees, Underwoods, Thorns, Hedges, Bullies, or Shrubs, now (landing and growing on certain Lands and Grounds, allotted and mcloled, or exchanged, in pursuance of the said Act, for which no Compensation hath been made to the former Owner or Owners thereof by the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same were so left; and the Time allowed by the said Afl for the former Owner or Owners thereof to enter upon the said Lands, and to cut down, fell, and carry away the fame, is expired; and that alter the passing of the said Afl, and b lore the Allotments were set out to the Petitioner, in lieu of

the Tythes payable to him, as Vicar of Kempford aforesaid, certain Vicarial Tythes, Modules, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments, became due and payable, for which no Compensation is directed to be made by the said Afl, and which he mult lose, and will not be able to recover, unless the Commissioners be empowered to ascertain and direct what Compensation and Satisfaction ought to be made to him, and by whom, and in what Proportions the same should be paid and payable: And therefore praying, That Ixavcmav be given to bring in a Bill, to alter and amend the said Afl, by authorizing and empowering the said Couuiifli ners (with the Content, in Writing, of the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof) to allot and divide all the Homelteads, Hotne-closes, Gaidens, Orchards, Coppices, Woodlands, and other ancient Inclosures, or a ly Part thereof, in the said Parishes of Kempfnl and or either of them,

by empowering the present Owners of such Home Reads and ancient Inclosures, or other Persons to whom the same shall be allotted or exchanged, to grant Leases thereof, by allowing the Commissioners a further Time for completing and inrolling their Award, by empowering certain' Persons to enter upon the new and old incloted Lands, to cut down and carry away Trees, Vol. 57.

Hedges, Bullies, and other Shrubs, and by authorizing the said Commissioners to ascertain and direct what Compensation shall be made to the said for his Tythes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments, above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reflrtflions, as to the House shall feeui meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Mr. A,fn do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Arable Withem*kk Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste l/nds, pctido'nT herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Township of fVithernwick, in the Parish of Witkernwick, in the Ead Riding of the County of York, there are certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow's, Failures, Commons, and Waile Linds, computed to contain in the Whole about 1,500 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the leve al Proprietors, considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying;

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Lid Petition: And that Mr*

H'ilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Thome, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themielve. % and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands anti F.'lutes Drainage within the several Townships of Thorne, Hatfield, Petition.

forth, Fifik/dke, and Sxkchouse, in the several Parishes of

Thorne, Hatfield, and Fi/hlake, in the Manor ot

in the West Riding of the County of was on.listed to the House, an<i read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, Parishes, and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Inge, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if divided, drained, embanked, and inclosed, and fj ecific Allotments made to the several Persons interested, the same would be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, improving, embanking, and inclosing, the Lid Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of the Comhion Wiirholme and Waste Ground herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within ihe Township of Befivick, in the Parish of in the

East Riding of the County of York, there is a certain Common or Waste Ground called computed

to contain about 550 Acres, which, in its present Situation, is capable ot very little Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes

above-

A \ 1802.

Ellerton

Inclosure

Petition.

Everton Indnlurc hill, pi dented.

Account of Bounties 011 C orn, &c. imported, pititnted.

yf/ pttt six,

(No. 22.)

V/.iys and Mt mis, deierred.

*'U>r1y,

dricricd.

108 12° — 130 — i 50 Februarit.

above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ourfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

aring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of, or interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of , in the East

Riding of the County of York, certain Open Fields, Ings, MeadowSjPaflures, Commons, and Waste Ground, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested, if the same were divided and allotted amongst them, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Eve within the Parish of Everton cion Tetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, tingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great Britain, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41st Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 Ioufe.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider lurtherof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 130 d Februarii;

Anno 42* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°ur, le<1* not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock,. Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luries, 15* die Februarit;

Anno 42° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

<V AMES Emanuel Francis Doxat, and John Benjamin Doxatand J Jain, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Jain sworn. Naturalization.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Monmouth-Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Petition, forth, That by an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make certain Navigable Canals therein described, and several Rail Roads therein specified, from such Canals to certain Iron Works in the Counties of , Monmouth and Brecknock, and also such other Rail Roads from any of the Canals and Rail Roads in the Act specified to any other Iron Works, or to any Limestone Quarries or Coal Mines within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom, as the Petitioners should think proper; and by an Act, passed in the 37th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners were empowered to extend the Canal made in pursuance of the first Act, and terminating near the Town of Newport, from thence to a Place called Pin-Gwelly, otherwise Pill-Givenlly, at the Distance of about a Mile and Half from Newport; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have completed the Canals and Rail Roads specified in the first Act, and are now proceeding upon the Extension authorized by the second Act; and the Petitioners find it expedient that a Railway or Tram Road should be made from Sirhowy Furnaces, in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, along by certain extensive Iron Works projected and now electing in the same Parish, and intended to be called Tredegar Iron Works, through Trederar Park, to communicate

7 O . o 7 m,

with the Canal belonging to the Petitioners and the River Ujh, at or near the Town of Newport, together with several Branches of Railway or Tram Road from and out of the said last mentioned Railway or Tram Road to other Places; and that the Petitioners have expended the Whole of the Sum of £.225,330, which they were authorized by the said Acts to raiie amongst themselves, and it is therefore necessary that they should have Power to raiie a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete and establish their laid Navigation and Undertaking; and that the Petitioners also find it expedient that lbme Amendments and Alterations should be made in certain of the Prcvisions contained in the above-mentioned Acts, and that feme further Powers should be granted for making the said intended Railway or Tram Road from Sirhowy Furnaces, with the several Branches therelrom

therefrom, and few effectually enabling the Petitioners to accomplish the Whole of their Undertaking: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, General Rooke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fiiby A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are inclosure thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Petition. Owners of Estates in the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, which, if divided, and specific Shares allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition:. And that Mr.

if leyand Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bedford Level A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are (Second Dif- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other agfpetition* Owners of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships, of with Wilton, Felt well Saint Mary, and Feltwell Saint Nicholas, in the County of Norfolk, and in Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk, and in a certain extra-parochial Place called Norland, in the said County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District, called Feltwell New DifriEl, and the Hardlands of Woodhallin Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Fen Lands and Low Grounds thereby intended to be embanked and drained were made Two separate Districts or Divisions, called the First Dif rift or Division, and the Second Dif rift or Division, as therein particularly described, and the said Commissioners therein named, and their Successors, were authorized to put the said Act into Execution within each respective District, as therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners of the said Second Dif rift, in pursuance of the said Act, and by virtue of the Powers thereby given to them, have made several Cuts, Drains, and Outlets, and made several Banks, and done other Works, in, through, and upon, the said Lands and Grounds com-' prized within the said Second District, for the draining

and preserving of the fame, and assessed the said Lands and Grounds with the several Rates and Taxes authorized by the said recited Act; and that, for the Purpose of making and preserving the said Works of Drainage, the said Commissioners have borrowed several Sums of Money upon Security of the Rates chargeable upon the said Linds and Grounds by virtue of the said Act, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for securing the Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains due upon the Assign- ment of the said Rates, and otherwise on Account of the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Lands VOL. 57.

and Grounds comprized within the Limits of the said Second District might be further greatly improved by additional Works of Drainage, but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raised by the said Act have been found insufficient for Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works; and the Powers given to the said Commissioners are also found to be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Mode of appointing the said Commissioners is found to be inconvenient; and it is therefore necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make some Alterations and Amendments in other Parts of the said Act, and also to erect some Mills or Engines-, and to make some additional Works and Drains for the more effectual draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, and to lay additional Taxes " on the said Lands and Grounds, in order to raise Money for the aforesaid Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the said recited Act, so far as relates to or concerns the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the District or Division, which, in the said Act is called and described as the Second Difrift or Division, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Afley, Sir Martin Folkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Nelthorpe, Esquire, Lord of the North Kelsey Manor of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, and a Dr^"rec and considerable Proprietor of Lands there, and of Philip Petition. Skiptvorlk, and others, Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Moors, logs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship of North Kelsey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, and some Parts thereof frequently covered with Water, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expen-five; but, if the same were drained and embanked, and divided and allotted unto and amongst: the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide, allot, inclose, drain, embank, and improve the said Lands and Grounds, and for other beneficial Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred- to Mr. Afley, Mr. Ellison, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Afley presented to the House, according to Eiiinghnm, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the &e. indoiure Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Mea- pr®dnJe(1> dows. Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellin Broome, Kirby Cane, and Geldefone, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

F f Mr.

I IO

Chetar and Whitchurch fcoadi Petition, reported* (First DdArift.)

TTt^rtefbury

Writ.

Wheatley

inclosure

Petition.

Wt'>iry

Ko3<1

P#firion.

15 0 FebruariL . 1802.

Mr. Crewe reported From the Committee, to whofn House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two of Banb, in the County of , through Swalcliffe, Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late in the said County of , and through Brailes, in the Majesty, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His pre- laid County of Warwick, to the Bridge eroding the sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from River , in the Parish of , in the said County

the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of of Warwick, is very much out of Repair, and in many Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in Parts narrow and incommodious; and that it would be

he County of Salop, and also several other Roads in the of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of laid Acts mentioned, lo far as the said Acts relate to the public Utility, if the said Road was properly amended,

First District of the said Roads, was referred; That the widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair:

Committee had examined', and found that the Standing And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, alter-been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exawards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it same was read; and is as followeth; viz. shall appear to them, to the House:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Acts were read: And, Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Mr. William Richards, being examined, said, That the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham*

Trustees appointed for the said First District of Roads ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and Recor Js. have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money,

which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off. Sir George William Shuckburgh Evelyn pre-

nor the said Roads be properly maintained and kept in fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor con* s»utlSm Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates tinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers Roads Bill, to the said District, be continued, and some of the of so much of Two Acts, passed in the 28 th Year of the pre nte Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and some further Tolls granted. the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repairing and widening the several Roads therein men-continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of tioned, as relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, the same was received; and read the First Time, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and

several other Roads therein mentioned, lo far as the said A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Rights of Nuneaton Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Bough- Common in, over, and upon, the Commons and Waste> St0"^ ford ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whit- Lands in Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of indofure church aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the Nuneaton, in the County of , and also of several Petition,

said Acts mentioned: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Eger- of the Proprietors of a certain Stinted Pasture, in the ton do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Township of Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers

otherwise Cottagers Piece, was presented to the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to and read; Setting forth, That' the said Lands and the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, considerable Improvement, and it would tend to the for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, in Advantage of the several Parties interested if the same the room of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Clifden, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof now Baron Mendip, called up to the House of Peers. allotted to each Proprietor, to be enjoyed in Severalty:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Com-thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands within the Town- mons and Waste Lands, and also the said Stinted ship or Hamlet of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddefdon, Pasture, in such Manner as to the House shall seem ift the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, meet

and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-Township or Hamlet, certain Open and Common Fields, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste, and George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John other Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed, and Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the lame, dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation,

incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if di- A Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Stockbridg* vided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed. Act, passed in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present winchester it would be very advantageous to the several Persons in- Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Roads terested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be the Powers of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of the Petlt1011-given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 20th Year of the Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- ing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. County of Southampton, to the City of and

John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, from the said City through Lane to the Top of

and bring in, the fame. Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of

in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County others, of (lie Counties of Oxford and Warwick, whose of the Town of Southampton, for the South District of the Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Southampton Road, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting

42 Geo. III.

15° Februarii.

ill

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, together with the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Trustees of the North District of the Southampton Road, appear to them, to the House: were authorized, by the said Act of the 31 ft Year of the And it is referred to Mr. Mr. George

Reign of his late Majesty, to erect Gates or Turnpikes Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-between the City of iVinchester and the Town and County ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker'6 Chamber; of the Town of Southampton, except within Three Miles and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-of Bar Gate, in the said Town and County, and to take cords.

Tolls thereat} that by the said Act of the 2,0th Year of A Petition of the Persons whose Hands are thereunto Additional °fo Hl, S present Majesty, the said Road from fct being Creditors for several Sums of Money lent and Petition-Wtnchefierio Southampton was divided into Two Distnds, vanced> on the Credit of the Tolls granted by an Act and the Clause refolding the Erection of a Gate nearer passed in the 2Qth Year of the Reign of His present Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Southampton, than Three Miles, was repealed, so that the the Powers> of an Act made in the , ft Year of the Petitioners were then empowered to erect Gates or Turn- of his ,ate Majesty King the Second, for

pikes across^any Part of the South District of the South- repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of ampton Road, and to take certain Tolls thereat; and that, Stockbin the County of Southampton, to the City of by virtue of the said several Acts, considerable Sums of Winchand from the said City, through Bellmour Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the jr to the T of Stephen's CaJUe Down, near the Town lolls; and by the said Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of BiJk in the said County, and from the

of His present Majesty, the Petitioner are reftndled said Cit of through Otterborne, to Bar Gale,

from taking any Toll at any Gate or Turnpike which in the Town and Count of *he Town of

should thereafter be ere died within 800 Yards of Baron the South Distria of the Southampton Road, was pre-Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of South-fented to the House, and read . Setting forth. That, by ampton, (ox any longer Term than Three succeeding Ca- an Act of the last Session to continu° the Term, and lendar Months, unless it (hou^d appear that the Money altef and enlarge the Powers> of the said Two several Acts, collected at all the Gates erected within the said South the Xru(lees are restricted from placing a Gate or Turnpike nearer Bar Gate, at Southampton, than 800 Yards, for any longer Time than three succeeding Calendar Months in the Year, or at most Four succeeding Calendar Months in any succeeding Year, whereby the Security and Interest of the Petitioners, and the other Creditors, on the said South District of the Southampton Road, are very materially lessened and injured; and that, by several Clauses contained in the said Act of the last Session, the Powers of the Trustees, for maintaining and keeping in Repair the said South District of the said Road, are very considerably narrowed and diminiftied, and confe-

District should be insufficient to enable the said Trustees to keep the said Road in Repair, and in that case only they are empowered to take Tolls in the succeeding Year for any Period, not exceeding Four succeeding Calendar Months, by which Restriction the Security of the several Creditors upon the said Road is considerably diminished; and that, under the said Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads claim an Exemption from Toll for all Cattle and Carriages passing and re-passing Northam Bridge and Roads, to and from

be erected within 80O Yards of Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; and if such Exemption should be construed, as having been gmnted by the said Act, the same will be very injurious to the said District of Road, and will also further di-minifti the Tolls to be collected thereon; and that the

the Town of Southampton, at any Gate or Turnpike to tly the Funds and Credit on which the Petitioners be erected within 80O Yards of Bar Gate, in the advanced their Loans; and that the several Clauses in

the said Acts of the 31st of his late Majesty, and the 20th of His present Majesty, which were intended for the Improvement of the Roads, and Security of the Creditors, are in a great Meaffire, by the said Act of the

_.. „ last Session, defeated and made void: And therefore

Petitioners are empowered, by the said Act of the 41st the House tQ t such Powers to the Trustees >

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to borrow f0/rep&airing the South District, as may enable them and take up at Interest, over and above the Sum then not onl to the Interest to the Petitioners, and the due and owing, any further Sum of Money not exceed- rest of the CreditorSj but also the principal Monies acting £. 3,000, and have given public Notice of their In- vanced b them and that the Petitioners may have such tenuon to borrow more Money upon the Credit of the other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall fcem said lolls, but the same cannot be obtained without meet

the said restrictive Clause is repealed; and that the said *. . 1 > -j t> v c , .

District of the Smthampm Road is in a very bad Condi- OrdeThat the said Petition be referred to the Con-

tion, and cannot be put in a proper Stale of Repair, MenUton of the Committee, to whom the last preceding

unless the Powers of the said several Acts are altered, Pf't,on "Jef"red; And ,that t}'£ d° «amme he amended, and enlarged j and that it would be highly Matter of th,s Petttmn; and report the fame, as it shall

beneficial to the Public in general, and to the Inha. aPiKar to ,hem-to tlle Hou1'-bitants of Southampton, Portszvood, and Swathling, in particular, that the Road leading from the East Side of the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Effingham South District of the Southampton Road, near Belle Vue, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, p^onT in the Parish of All Saints, in the Town and County of or otherwise interested in, a certain Common or Waite the Town of Southampton, through Rockflone Lane, in the called Effingham Upper Common, in the Manor of Effing-Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town and County of ham East Court, in the Parish of in the County

the Town of Southampton and Portswood, in the Parish of of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting South Stoneham, partly within the Liberties of the said forth, That the said Common or Waste, in its present Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and State, is incapable of any considerable Improvement, and partly within the County of Southampton, to the Bridge it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons over the River at Swathling, in the said Parish of South interested if the same were divided, allotted, and in-Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, should be made closed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given a Part of the South District of the Southampton Road: to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the said Common or Waste, in such Manner as to the bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes before-men- Houfo shall seem meet.

tioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-meet. (iiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Amyatt and Geineral Norton do prepare, and bring in, the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- lame.

Vol. 57. A Bill

i c° Februarii. A. 1802.

c^b"d8e A Bill for repairing, widening, improving, and keep-Bo.nl Bill, ingin Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall committed, in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 'Thomas Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pakenham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition? thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the Parish of Pakenham, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the said Pari 111, which lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are otherwise inconveniently situated; and the Petitioners are desirous that the same should be set out, divided, and allotted, unto and among!! the several Proprietors within the said Parish, according to the Value of their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Lord Viscount Brome, and Mr. Cornwallis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of certain Land Owners, Freeholders, and Berwick other Proprietors, in the County of Berwick, thereunto pe°t^son. subscribing, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Edinburgh and Gree, towards Dunfe, in the said County of Berwick, and passing at or near to Thorny dike, Wejiruther, Hardlaw, and Clioicelee,

where if joins the Road leading to Dunfe, all in the said County of Berwick, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sotherton A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers in define Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situ-

Petition. ated in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is within the said Parish a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture 'Land, called Sotherton Moor, containing by Estimation 126 Acres or thereabouts, and the Petitioners are Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages, with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, and have in respect thereof a Right of Commonage, and of cutting Firing in and upon the said Piece or Parcel of Land; and that the fame, in its present open and uncultivated State, yields very little Profit; but, if divided and allotted unto and among!! the several Persons interested, might be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Piece or Parcel of Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Barton A Petition of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Petition" L°r<l of the Manor of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, certain Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheep-walk, Shackage, and other Commonable Rights, and which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to them: And there-

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands in a Com- petherton mon Meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, and of Rights inciofure of Common in a small Tra<ft of Open and Commonable PeUUon‘ Pasture, called Pikefmoor, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset, a certain Open and Commonable Meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, and a small Trait of Open and Commonable Pasture, called Pikefmoor; and it would be beneficial to the Parties concerned, if the same were allotted and divided to and among!! the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according Donington to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inciofure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other preente Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Donington, otherwise Dutton, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the Member add-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ed s°eatonS a a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Jonathan inciofure Bill. Miles, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Soil of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the County of for and in Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, accord- Bill ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Prereilttli-doling, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rea^ a Second Time.

A Petition

Co;>mbeI5yfet

IrcU-H'. *e t'fvUion.

Trent

Navigation

petition.

Kcmpflon

Inclosure

Petition.

42 Geo. lit. i 50 Februarii. i 15

A Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Common Pastures, Waste Lands; and other Common-Radnor, and the humble Petition of the several other able Lands and Grounds, which lie inconveniently dif-Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was pre- perfect and intermixed; and it would be greatly to the fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Advantage of the Proprietors if the same were divided there are, within the Parish of Coonibe Byfet, otherwise and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Biffett, in the County of Wills, certain Open Com- several Persons interested: And therefore praying, That monable Fields, Downs, and other Corrfmonable and Leave may be given to bring in'a Bill for dividing and Waste Lands, lying in small Pieces or Parcels, and dif- inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Reported; and it would be beneficial to the Persons in- gulations as to the House shall seem meet.

terelled if the same were divided, and specific Allot- . Ord, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

ments made thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting Osborn and Mr. John do prepare, and bring in, the

the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as fame;

the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Mr. AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Hajmeftml suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Warrens, Jncl°|urcBl, I« Viscount Folkestone and Sir William Scott do prepare, and Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

bring in, the fame. Haytteford, in the County of , was committed;

> That the Committee had examined, and found that the

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented closure, had been complied with; and that the Com-to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-jesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navi- cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-gable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the County faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

in pursuance of which, and of Two other Acts, passed thereunto, which they had directed him to report to in the iotli and 16th Years of the present Reign, the the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Petitioners have completed the fame; and that the Pe- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in titioners have also, in pursuance of Acts, passed in the at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were 16th and 37th Years of the present Reign, made and Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One completed a Navigable Canal from the first-mentioned by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Canal, on the South Side of Harecafile, to Froghall, and upon, were agreed to by the House.

a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, and also an OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be Extension of the same Canal from Endon to Leek, in the ingossed.

County of Stafford, with a Reservoir for supplying the.

said Canals with Water; and that by another Act, passed Ord, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to East in the 37th Year of the present Reign, the Petitioners the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-said Canal at Froghall, to or near Uttoxeter, in the said ment, for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of

County of Stafford; and that, by Surveys lately made, Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Sir John it appears that the said Railway is capable of great Im- Mitford, now Baron called up to the House

provement, by a Change of its Course and Construction, of Peers, and also, that a short Variation in a Part of the said

Canal, from Froghall to Uttoxeter, near to Alveton Mill, Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report from SaltafURoads in the Parish of Alveton, will contribute to the Improve- the Committee, to whom the Petition, as well of tlfe re^rtedl ment of the said Canal; and that most of the Com- Trustees acting under and by virtue of Two Acts of missioners appointed for putting the said Acts into Parliament, the first passed in the 2d Year of His pre-Execution being dead, it is necessary that new Com- sent Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several missioners should be appointed, and it is also necessary Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading that several of the Powers and Provisions of the said to the Borough of in the County of ',

Acts should be altered and amended; and that, by and the other passed in the 17th Year of His said Ma-Surveys lately made, it appears that Railways may be jesty's Reign, for continuing the Term and enlarging extended from the said Trent and Mersey Canal to Lane the Powers of the said first Act, as also of the Creditors End, Hanley, and Bv.rjlem, which will be of great Ad- on the Tolls collected and levied on the said Roads, vantage to the extensive Manufactories established at and of the principal Inhabitants residing near the said those Places, and of public Utility: And therefore pray- Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for referred.

effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Corn-Manner as to the House shall seem meet. mittee, That the Committee had examined, and found

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com-, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, shall appear to them, to the House: which they had directed to be reported to the House; .

And it is referred to Lord Granville Levtfon Gower, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Sir John Wrottesley,&c.: And they are to meet To- delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the and Records. said Acts were read: — And,

Mr/ Richard Berryman being examined, said, That in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are pursuance of the Powers given by the said Acts, the thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and other Sum of £.3,347. $s. has been borrowed, at different Hereditaments, in the Parish of Kempjlou, in the County Times, upon the Credit of the Tolls on the said Roads, of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; and been laid out and expended in paying the Expences Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish incurred In the Execution of the said Acts; and that several Open and Common Fields, Comntpn Meadows, the Tolls and Composition Money collected upon the VOL.57. Gg said.

said Roads, have al so from Time to Time been applied to the Payment of Interest due on the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, and for the other Purposes directed by the said Acts. — And being further examined, he said. That the Roads are now in bad Repair, and great Part thereof so ruinous as to be unsafe for Paf-lengers travelling thereon; and that the Whole of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls is dill owing to the several Creditors thereon, with Three Years Interest due for the lame. — And the Witness added. That the present Tolls and Composition Money are insufficient to keep down the Interest of the Money already bonowed on the Credit thereof, and to repair the said Roads, and defray other incidental Expences; whereby the Credit of the said Roads is so low, that the Trustees are unable to borrow any more Money thereon, and to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 2d and 17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. William Adams, and Mr. Jeffery, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Exeter and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

R^d«t0rd thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put

Petition. into Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon, and for repealing Two Acts, of the 3 2d of his late Majesty and the 2d of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, authorized to put the said Act into Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on Security of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said Act be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that several of the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions, thereby granted, should be varied and enlarged; and that it will be a Convenience to the Public that the Direction of certain Parts of the said Road should be varied or altered, in order to avoid steep and inconvenient Hills, and that, instead of the present Termination of the said Road at Biddaford aforesaid, a new Road should be made from the Nine Mile Stone, in the Parish of Ugborough, in the said County, to a Place called 1 he Cross in Hand, in the same Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Adams, Mr. Barlow, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anclioime A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing

Petition. an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level oi Anc h in the County of and making the River Anclioime navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the said County, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for

continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Act into Execution have made great Progress in the Works thereby directed to be done, for which Purpose the Sum of £.39,000, borrowed upon the Credit of the Taxes and Tolls thereby granted, have -been applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, which Money still remain? due; and that the Money lo borrowed, together with the Surplus Fund of the Taxes and Tolls raised under the Authority of the said Act, have become very insufficient for the several Purposes thereby intended, as well as for supporting and preserving the Works already executed, whereby many of them are now very defective; and that, by reason of Improvements in the High Lands adjoining the said Level, the Waters after Rain flow into the Level in much less Time than heretofore; and the said River Anclioime, and the several Works of Drainage already executed, are, in their present State, insufficient to contain and convey away the Flood Waters thereof, and* other further Works are become necessiuy to improve and render the said Drainage effectual; and that, in order to complete and maintain the several Works aforesaid, and to execute such further Works as shall be deemed necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, it is expedient that Power should be given for railing further Rates and Taxes, and to vary or increase the present Tolls, and that the Powers of the said Act should be altered and enlarged, and more effectual Provision made for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr . Ellison, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according West on and

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inciXrcBil^ the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common presented. Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of by Wel-

land, and Sutton Buffett, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Plymouth the whole House, to whom it rvas referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to Bill, ordereS. whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was referred, be now received.

Sir William Elford accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Free, called Tot hill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea.

And Sir William Elford moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tot hill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough

of

of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons

therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and prc-serving the same from the Sea: And that Sir William Elford, Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Nicholas do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition of A Petition of the Booksellers and Printers of the

&c°ref*eftin Cities of London and Wevvhofe Names are there-

the"Duty on unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Paper- ' Setting forth. That the Petitioners have ever been willing cheerfully to bear their Proportion, in common with the rest of His Majesty's Subjects, towards the Expences of the State, but they humbly beg Leave to represent to the House, that the additional Duty imposed upon Printing Paper and Milled Board, during the last Session of Parliament, has greatly affected the Trades of printing and felling Books, and has injured the Interests of the Petitioners, inso much that if it be not repealed, it must infallibly tend to the Destruction of a Trade very beneficial and important to the Country, namely, that of printing, felling, and exporting Books, and consequently occasion a Diminution in the Receipt of the public Revenue; and that this Tax is peculiarly oppressive upon the Petitioners as a trading Body, and falls directly and wholly upon their Capitals, and but slowly upon the Public at large, because, in printing an Edition of any Book, they are under the Necessity of immediately purchasing and using the Whole of the Paper, the Duty on which has been previously paid, notwithstanding the Edition may be many Years upon Sale, or may never be fold; and they beg Leave to explain to the House, that, in order to fell Books at a moderate Price, and to lay upon each Copy as small a Proportion as possible of the heavy Expence of the Copyright, and of the first setting up of the Press, they are always obliged to print a much larger Number of Copies than can be sold for a considerable Time, and they are thus, from this peculiar Feature attending the Production of Books, under the Necessity of paying for heavy Stocks of printed Paper before a Angle Specimen of the manufactured Article can be produced for Sale; whereas the Generality of Manufacturers are exempted from this expensive Necessity, as they can manufacture their Articles at such Times, and.in such Proportions, as the Demand may require; and that, to diminish the ruinous Effects of the present high Price of Paper, and to prevent the Increase of their expensive Stocks, the Petitioners have, in some Instances, forborne to re-print new Editions of meritorious Works, and have also, in other Instances, been induced to print much smaller Editions of Books than was formerly their Practice, in consequence of which* the Expence of the Copyright, and of the first setting up of the Press, being necessarily laid upon a smaller Number, the separate Copies have unavoidably been raised in their Price; it has, however, been found, that the consequent Advance in the Price of Books to the Public has greatly diminished their Sale; the Petitioners, therefore, find no adequate Resource in their own Means, and are compelled to apply to the House for Relief; and that the Petitioners are aware that it might have been expected they would have found Relief in the Application of various new Inventions in the Manufacture of Paper, which have been proposed to the Public, and some cf which have received the Sanction of the Legislature; but not any of these Inventions have hitherto enabled their Conductors and Proprietors to offer their Paper in a State suitable to print Books upon, at a Price which promises to lessen the Grievance above dated; and that the Petitioners are especially called upon at this Time to pray for Relief, because they have recently found that Editions of all the belt and most favourite English Authors have been printed, and are now printing, in various Sizes, at Berlin, Bajle, burgh, Paris, Philadelphia, and other Cities in

Europe and America, and, as some of these foreign Editions are offered for Sale at One-Half of the Price at which the same Books can be printed and sold at a very Vo h.si'

moderate Profit by the Petitioners, they are threatened with the Loss of their Export Trade to America and to the Et<ropean Continent especially, and to other Parts of the World; since, by Means of foreign Yeifels from the Ports on both Sides of the Atlantic, the cheap foreign Editions of English Books are, with Facility, transported to the British and other European Settlements in Acts and the West Indies-, and that, as it may be alledged that the Petitioners, in their Export Trade, have a Relief in the Drawback of Four-Fifths, or Two-pence per Pound Weight upon printed Books exported, they feel it incumbent upon them to observe, that this Relief is inadequate, and does not enable the Petitioners to meet foreign Competitors in foreign Markets; because the full Drawback actually received seldom amounts to more than One-Third of the Duty, and upon the whole Exports not to One-Tenth, because not any of the additional Advance consequent upon the new Duty is drawn back; because not any of the Advance on Printing* which has occurred within the Two last Years, is drawn back; and because every other Expence attending the Production of Books is much higher in Britain

than in other Parts of the World; and that, although in consequence of the Peace, the raw Material is lower in Price, and Paper in some Degree cheaper, yet the Reduction has not been so great, nor is it likely to be so great, as to enable the Petitioners to maintain the Export Trade in Books, inasmuch as the Price of the raw Material is fluctuating, while the Duty remains a permanent Charge upon which the Manufacturer and Stationer put as permanent a Profit; and that the Petitioners are-convinced, that the injurious Tendency of this Tax will operate nearly as a Prohibition of every new Literary Speculation, and consequently that the Revenue, instead of being benefited by the new Duty, will eventually sustain a considerable Injury; whereas, if the last Duty upon Printing Papers (strictly so called) Copper-plate Papers, and Milled Boards, be repealed, it appears to the Petitioners that the increased Demand for printed Books which would naturally follow a Reduction of their Price* would in a great Measure compensate, by an increased Demand for Printing Papers* this small Deduction from the Revenue; and that, by the Operation of this Tax* an important Branch of Trade is thus in a great Measure diverted from the Country, the Petitioners are restrained from rilking their Capitals, in the Uncertainty of meeting with an adequate Return, many Thousands of British Subjects, engaged in the various Branches of Paper Making, Printing, Bookselling, Engraving, and Bookbinding, in Danger of being deprived of Subsistence, the Progress of Education is impeded, the Extension of Knowledge and Literature* manifestly diminished, and the national Genius discouraged and depressed; and that the Petitioners are prepared to prove the various Allegations above stated, if thought necessary, which they beg Leave to submit to the Consideration of the House:

And therefore praying for such Relief as to the Wisdom of the House shall appear to be expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mef-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this sage House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the Clvl

fame to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followcthj

GEORGER.

His Majesty feels great Concern in acquainting the House of Commons, that the Provision made by Parliament for defraying the Expences of His Household and Civil Government has been found inadequate to their Support.

A considerable Debt has in consequence been unavoidably incurred, an Account of which He has ordered to be laid before this House.

His

Complaint respecting a Newspaper.

Orders of the Day read.

Committee on Southern W'h;»lcFishery Bill.

Committee on Bill reflecting the \Uc of td*.

Ways and tUfcrreJ.

11

150 — 16° Februariu

A' i8o$*

His Majesty relies with Confidence on the Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, that they will take the same into their early Consideration, and adopt such "Meathres as the Circumstances may appear to them to require. R.

Ordered, Netnine Contra die ente, That His Majesty's

said Most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Complaint being made to the House of the printed Newspaper, intituled " The True Briton and Porcupine, " Wednesday, February io, 1802." — London: Printed

by Richard Harris, ( MartlettCourt, Bow Streetat N°

112, Strand, and published by Richard (of

Tufton Street, Westminster), at N* 5, Catherine Street, Strand, as containing Matter highly reflecting on the Character of a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

The said Paper was delivered in j and the Paragraphs complained ol, were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Paragraphs contain Matter highly reflecting on the Character of a Member of this House, area Breach of the Privileges of this House, and a gross Violation of the same;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Iteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending, and " rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the " Sale of Fish in the City of \\ eft mi niter; and for " venting the for efailing and monopolizing of;

" and for allowing the Sale of under the " fans mentioned in a Clause contained in an Ail of " the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, case the " same are taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Pels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty i

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the dcl<?rr<~' whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Ftmfittart have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising the Sum of Two Exchequer Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Bllls B,ll» Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, coramirte ' for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committeeod resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to American consider of so much of an Act, made in the 37th Year Treaty, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act deferred.for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity,

" Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of as relates

to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 16° die Februarii;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Fulftow, &c.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and inciofure and other Owners of, or interested in, the Open Fields, Ings,

Meadows, Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes of Fulfiow, Marsh Chapel, and North

Thorejby, which lie adjoining to each other, in the Hundred of Bradley Haverftow, in the Parts of in the County of Lincoln, divers Open and Common Fields,

Irigs, Meadows, Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing together 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient and expensive; but, if the same were completely drained, and divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be of greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in one or more Bill or Bills, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

1

Arc! it is referred to Sir Edward , Mr.

Edifou, kc. \ And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Canterbury and baiun.wh Road Bill, committed.

Haclcney Road Bill, (refeuted.

Me of Dogs Road Bill, committed.

Win charter and Gloucester Debtors Petitions.

Hayneford Inc ltd me Bill passed.

A Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road lead ing Irom the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandvcich, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fnatchbu/l, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 1 ith, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through to Stamford

Hill, and cross Cambridge Heat, over Bethnal Green, to

the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of sex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The mercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the of Dors, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, and also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Stre, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of And also for

opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Little Agile Street and Great Agile Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London, was read a Second Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Ryng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in H'inchester Gaol: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol of

Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Dittrcfs; and praying

Relief.

And the said Petitions were feveraHy ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrott'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Warrens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Rcfoived\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the W anon, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ad ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ClicttcrfiJd A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Ko'ds ,arSino t'ic Powers, of Two Act?, passed in the 33d Bi:t, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

committed. Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His pretent

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Vol. 57.

Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Bridge

to Cross Green, and also the lload leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Bridge, all in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, See.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderfombe added to Member the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition Nat. Bill.

of Hcurich Koile.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Uckfield the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign reported, of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of West ham, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Side Gate on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, -in the Parish of He/lingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwafh, in the said County, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. John Sinnock being examined, Lid, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and several considerable Sums of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remain due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and amended, and some additional Tolls granted.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year " of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road " leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield,

" in the County of Sufj'ex, to Langney Bridge, in the " Parish of West ham, in the said County, and for more " effectually repairing the said Road; and also for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road from the Side Gate on the Turnpike

" Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike " Road leading from Cross-in-Haud to in the said County:" And that Mr. Fuller and General Lenox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Galway Gaol to whom the Petition of the Grand Jury of the County sported, of Galway, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, assembled at the Assizes held in and for the said County on Thursday the 15th Day of October i8or, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

H h delivered

l.onilon Dock

4'omp4ny*i

I'ctitiun.

tlclivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the present Gaol of the County of is in a ruinous

State, extremely insecure and inconvenient, and at all Times unfit for the proper Accommodation of the Prisoners usually confined therein; that it is not sufficiently large for the Reception and safe Custody of the Prisoners, and is in a confined and unhealthful Situation, in a narrow Street within the Town of surrounded

with Houses, and without any Pack Ground or Yard; that the Grand Juries of the County of Galway have from Time to Time presented considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of building a new and more convenient Gaol in the Suburbs of the said Town, more suitable to the Health and Security of the Prisoners, of which the Sum of £. 1,802 Sterling is now lying in the Hands of the Treasurer of the County for that Pur-poic; that a healthful and convenient Piece of Ground may eaiilv be provided in the Suburbs of the Town of Galivay, for the Purpose of erecting a new Gaol, but the Petitioners do not conceive themselves authorized, by Laws now in force, to acquire a Title in any Premises for such a Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol in the County of Galway, and for purchasing Land sufficient for the lame, and for other Purposes relating the reto: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Trench, and Mr. Martin of Galway, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petilion of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Thirteen of the Directors and Managers of the London Dock Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and that the Company constituted by the said Act has proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Progress hath been made towards forming and completing the several Works thereby authorized and directed to be done; and that, in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, it hath been found expedient by the said Company, that for the Purpose of making a commodious Entrance into and from the River Thames to the Bason leading into the Dock, and for enabling the said Company to carry the Works authorized anti directed by the said Act into complete Lffeft, that the Directors of the said Company should be empowered to take and use Part of certain Premises called Hr/I Dock, in the Parish of John, IViipping, in the County of situate upon the

Bank of the 1 liver Thames, and adjoining on the West Side of the Entrance Lock, but Doubts have arisen whether the Powers contained in the said Act are fufii-cient to enable the Company to obtain such Part of the said Premises called Bell Dock as they shall require, without an Enlargement of the Powers contained in the said Act; and that, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the said Dock Company have purchased certain Water Works, situate in the Parish of Paul, Shadwr/l,in the County of Middlefeic, the Pro-

prietors whereof were incorporated by an Act, passed in the 3d and 4th Year of the Reign of King and Queen Mary; but Doubts having arilen whether all the Powers contained in the said Act of the 3d and 4th Year of King Williamand Queen Mary, are effectually verted in the said Dock Company, it is expedient that the Liid Act, passed in the 3d and 4th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, should be explained, and the Powers thereof effectually vested in the said Dock Company; and that the Powers and Provisions of the Lid Act have in other Respects been found de-

feftive and insufficient, and it is necessary that the same should be amended, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 1 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Elf or d presented to the House, according Plymouth to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Embankment Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay and Bay, presented,

near to the Borough of Plymouth, in- the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House wras moved, That the Report which, Leave granted upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Plymouth, are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying Road* into Execution Three several Acts, one passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the others in the 17th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Devon, and Three Times in some Newspaper published in the said County, in the Months of Klarch and April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, st Giles's and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common (Cambridge) Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands conunitted!11 and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

A Petition of several of the Owners of Estates within Cleckheatou the Division or Hamlets of C/erkheatand Scholes, in

the Manor and Township of Cleckhin the Parish

of Birjlall, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That within the said Division or Hamlets are several Parcels of Common Moor or Waste Ground, which, in their present State, are not capable of being properly cultivated and improved j but, if the same were divided and allotted among the several Parties interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they might be rendered much more valuable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given'to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Parcels of Common Moor or Waste Ground, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

Mr. John Smyth, Mr; Wilber force, and Mr. Henry Laf-relies, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Liverpool

Exchange

Petition.

Petition in favour of D°.

A Petition of the several Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prel'cnted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Inconvenience is at pretent, and hath long been experienced by the Merchants, Brokers, Underwriters, and others concerned in Trade and Commerce in the Town, and Port of Liverpool, from the Want of public Rooms or Buildings in the said Town, for the Purpose of transacting the general Trade and Business of the said Town and Port; and that it having been found impracticable to procure Accommodation in the present Town Hall for such Purposes, it was lately fuggclted that such Accommodation might be obtained (with the AlTent of the Common Council of the said Town) by erecting Ratable Buildings on the North Side of the said Town Hall; and that the Common Council of the said Town, upon Application to them, have fully approved of the above-mentioned Scheme, and have agreed to fell such Land and Premises belonging to them as might be re^ quired for the Purpose of erecting such Buildings; and that in consequence of an Advertisement, containing Proposals for crofting an extensive and ornamental Range of public Buildings for the Purpose of an Exchange, a very numerous Meeting of the Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool was held, and the Proposals unanimously approved of, and the Sum of £.80,000 was immediately subscribed as a Fund for carrying the said Plan into effect, and the Petitioners have proceeded in the Purchase of Land and other Property necessary for executing the said intended Plan; but, inasmuch as the Proprietors or Owners of other Hinds and Premises in the Neighbourhood, which may be wanted for completely carrying into Ffleet the said Plan, may be unable or unwilling to contract or agree for the Sale

o o

of the lame, and as i.t may be further necessary, for the Purposes aforesaid, to lay out and make new Streets and Roads, and to dole up, turn, or alter, the Direction of the present Street in the said Town, called High Street, and also that the Petitioners should not only, for the Purpose of carrying on and completing the said intended Building, but also for the ceconomical. Regulation of such Scheme, and of its present and future Proprietors, be incorporated, and have a Common Seal, and a Power of making Bye Laws, the Petitioners hud themselves unable to carry the said Plan into Execution without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before stated, in order to enable them to effectuate the fame, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and lleftridtions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Gascoyne, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perforrs, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read* Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the lall preceding Petition: And praying,- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Member added to bring in Hands-worth Ir.clo-lure Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Vot.£7«

Bill pursuant to the Prayet of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Manor and Parish of Handfworthin the West. Riding of the County of York.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according Handsworth to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- ^p^inted. mons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Handsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, Petition of trading to, and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, being offered to be presented to the nadaamiSt. House; Vincent.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up* and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Sufferers from the Insurrection and Rebellion which happened in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, have taken up various Sums, by way of Loan, from the Commissioners appointed by ltveral Acts for affording Relief to the Sufferers from the above Caules, by Loan of Exchequer Bills, and the Petitioners have paid up a large Part of the Money lo advanced, with Interest; and that One-Third of the Sum remaining due from the Petitioners is payable, with Interest thereon, on the 5th Day of March next; and that the natural Fund, on which the Petitioners relied to discharge their said Debt, being the Produce of their Estates, is, from the Circumstances attending the general Commerce of the Country, rendered unfaleabie at this Time; and as the Whole of the Produce now on Hand has been imported liable to the War Duty and Expences, the Amount of the probable Product will turn out very inadequate to afford any Return to the Planters beyond the actual Expences attendant on its Cultivation in the West , and Import to this Country; and that the Whole of the Debt due from the Petitioners is amply secured, by fuss.cient Securities; to the Approbation of the Commissioners, and bears an Interest of £. 5 per Cent.: And therefore praying. That, upon their paying the Interest payable on the 5th Day of March next, that the Payment of the said Instalment may be postponed for such Time as the House shall, under the Circumstances of the Petitioners Cafe, deem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the FVefident and Members of the petition of

Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to Board the House; Agriculture.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address from the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have the Satisfaction to acquaint the House, that the important Purposes intended by, that institution are carrying on, and are likely to be attended with beneficial Effects to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be supported by a Grant for the present Year, to such an Amount as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered,

Thur Hir-b)ui i'ct.tiom

I i!e of Dogs t' lml, &c. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Thurjb, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long 1 offered the gieatett Inconvenience from the Want of proper Harbours in the Bay of 7kurfoy whether at the Entrances into the River of Thiajo, or at the Road of Scrabfier, situated therein; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Protection of Vessels navigating the North Sea to have

00

Inch Harbours formed, and the same would also cll'en-tially contribute to the Improvement of the Fisheries on the Northern Coasts of the Kingdom, as well as promote, encourage, and extend, the growing Trade and Manufactures of the said Town and adjacent Country; and that, deeply impressed with the Importance of accompli filing such definable Objects, the Petitioners have subscribed certain Sums of Money for making the said Harbours at Tlnirfo and , and they, with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, are willing to be subjected to the Payment of certain Hates, Assessments, and Duties, for maintaining the said Harbours: And therefore praying, That Lz-ave may be given to bring in a Bill for such elsential Purposes, and which will lb materially tend to promote the- Improvement of the Northern Parts of Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Sir William

Pudency, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council adembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was palfid in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of; and that

by the said Act it was provided and enabled, that for the more effectually accomplishing the Purposes thereof, there should be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, computing the Fund called the Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to, the said Fund, by the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted and made payable to I lis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any Inch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of C.72,000, as lhculd be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes therein particularly spe-cilied, the principal Part of which Sum was for the purchuling arjd paying for the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which should be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, for the Purpose of enabling them to carry the said Act into Execution, and in defraying other Costs and Charges incident to such Purchases, and in paying and di'.charging the Expences of dcligning, making, and completing, a Canal and other Works at the Isle of Dove, and in other the necessary Charges and Expences to be incurred in fulfilling and carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers velted in them by the said Act, and have already received and expended the Whole of the said Sum of £.72,000 in

their Progress in making the Purchases above-mentioned, and in making and forming the said Canal, but that the said Sum has proved very insufficient, and that the further Sum of £.50,000, at the lealt, is wanting to enable them to complete the Purchases of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Hill requilitc to be possessed by the Petitioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and which by the said Act they are authorized to buy; and that the principal Cause of the said Sum of £.72,000 proving inadequate, is, that the Petitioners arc liable to be required, and have, in most Instances, been compelled topurchale the Whole of divers Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, Part only ol which were actually wanted; or have been or will be uled for the Purposes of the said Abt; and that the Petitioners expect and believe that such a Sum of Money will be raised by Sale of such Portions of the Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, which they were compelled, and may hereafter be compelled, to buy as aforesaid, and which have not and will not be wanted or used for the Purposes of the said Abt, a Sum of Money will be raised sufficient to repay to the Consolidated Fund aforesaid a large Proportion, if not the Whole, of the said Sum of £.50,000 now wanted for the Purpose of completing the said Works; and that the early Obtainment of the Sum required is an Object of Importance, and will prevent great additional Expence being incurred in the Prosecution of the Works, inalinuch as the natural Quantity of Water in the If.eof Dogs has been hitherto drained by Two Steam Engines, one for the Canal, and a ftiil larger for the Docks, but as the Docks are likely to be opened in July next, the Canal will then not only be charged with the Whole of the natural Drainage, but probably by a much greater Quantity of Water making its Way through the open Gravel from the Docks; and, unless the Foundations of the Locks, and the Excavation of the Canal, can be completed before the Docks are filled with Water, another large Steam Engine at lead will be required; and it is impossible to ascertain with Certainty whether even that will be sufficient to completely drain the Works of the said Canal and Locks: And therefore praying the House to takb the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Sum of £. 50,000 may be advanced and paid to the Petitioners for the Purposes aforesaid; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Mi. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Mr.

Alderman Combe, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Market for the Sale of Cattle, J lories, Sheep, Hay, and various other Articles, from whence the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, are princi-

pally supplied, is held by the Petitioners in a certain Place in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, called Smithfield; and that the said Market

Place,

Smith field

Market

Petition.

42 GEO, III. i6° Febrtlariu

Place, though well situated fdir the Accommodation ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and of the Public, is, from the great Increase of Inhabi- Records;

tants within the Cities of London and Westminster, and,

Parts adjacent, become much too small; and that, ill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on

order to enable the Petitioners sufficiently to enlarge the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

said Market Place, for the better Accommodation of upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Two Millions One

the Public, it is necessary that they should be enabled Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer

to purchase certain Houses, and Pieces of Ground, in Bills; for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the

the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre, and situate partly Year One thousand. Eight hundred and Two, be now

within the City of London and partly within the County read.

of Middlesex, and to lay the Scite thereof into the said And the said Order being read accordingly;

Market Place; and that the Petitioners should be author The House resolved itself Into the said Committee.

rized to raise such a Sum of Money as may be requisite for that Purpose; and that it is also necessary that proper Rules and Orders should be established for the Regulation of the said Market, and of all Persons driving Cattle of all Kinds to and from the same; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations; as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Mr.

Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Ten morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tempi* Bar, The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the *^"ntPetition". City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was palfed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Em trance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and that an Act was palfed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the said Act; and that an Act was palfed in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a further Sum than directed by the said first-mentioned A ft, for carrying the said Two several Acts into Execution; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in executing the several Works by the said recited Acts directed to be done, and find it is necessary that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be enlarged and altered, and the Time for executing them extended, the better to enable the Petitioners to complete the said Improvements, and to make such Sewers and other Works as may be required for the new Street now forming at Snow Hill; and that it is also necessary, that the Petitioners should be enabled to apply any Monies already raised for the general Purposes of the said Acts, in making such Sewers, or to raise such further Sum of Money for that and the other Purposes aforesaid, as may be required: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 2 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Lufnington, &c.: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-Vol. 57.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mri Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be.received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Accounts House, by His Majesty's Command, *

An Account of the Debt of His Majesty's Civil List presented. on the 5th Day of January 1802; as near as the same can at present be ascertained: And also;

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the fame; ending the 5th Day of January 1800, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year: And also,

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same ending the 5th Day of January 1801; with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year: And also.

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Chafge of the same ending the 5th Day of January 1802, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Particulars of " the Monies received to defray the Expences of His Majesty's Civil Government, and Payments on Account thereof; from 5th January 1786 to 5th January " 1802."

And the Tides of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are inserted in the Appendix, Appendix to this Volume. (No.

Mr; Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Southern from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Whale Fiihetr Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships em- *' I*porte ployed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bnirefpe£ii*g from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 20th

I i Year

16° — 170 Februarii,

A. 1S.

Year of the ^fteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending,

" and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, An Ati for making a free Market for the " Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for " venting the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and " for a/lnving the Sale of under the Dimensions

" mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the " Year of his late Majesty , case the same are a taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-

grofled.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refslved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, trxfting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to American consider of so much of an Act, made in the 37th Year fenedT' de* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity,

" Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of as relates

to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* Februarii;

Anno ^2° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

Wroxton

Tr.cloi'ure

Petition.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, situate, lying, and being, in and

scott, in the Parish of IVroxion, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds contain, by Estima-tion, 1,800 Acres or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in final I Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof assigned to and amongst the several Proprietors, it would greatly tend to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, and for such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Spencer do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Kho»hirwaun A Petition of the Rectors or Impropriators of Tythes, Petition"' and of the foveral Freeholders, within the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llarfaelrhys, Bryncroes, and

Bodverin, in the County of who have a Right

of Common upon BJ:os matin, being a Commonable Waste Ground within the said several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, for and on the Behalf of them-

tclvcs and other Freeholders interested in the said Corns':

raon and Waste Land, was'prafented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Tract of 0|ren Common or Waste Ground contains 2,000 Acres or thereabouts, and, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Value; but, if divided into specific Allotments unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and inclosed, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Common and Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Morgan, Sir Robert Williams, and Sir Robert Salisbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mod noble Anna Maria Duchess of Walleering. Newcastle, and of the Right honourable Charles Earl of ij^T Harrington, and the humble Petition Gaily Knight Petition,

and George Mason, El'quires, being joint Guardians of

the Molt noble Henry Duke of Newand also the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the Lordship and Parish of keringham, in the County of Notting, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Lordship and Parish several Open Fields,

Meadows, Failures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and other Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which are subject to be overflowed, and otherwise annoyed by Water, and the fame, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be made much more valuable if divided and allotted to the Owners thereof, and such Allotments inclosed, and if the same were properly embanked and drained: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidention of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck, be.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Wilmslow the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ?Sie,a"<l

7 . Longleton

thereunto subscribed, being Iruftees for executing the Rond Petition,

Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the R'Ported* Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmjloiv Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester,

through Nether Alderley and the Town of to

or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County, was read: — And,

Mr. William Smith being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded tp put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually

amended.

*7

Pebr

fc

amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necesiary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

'ucirit. 123

also such other Rail Roads from any of the Canals and Rail Roads in the Act (oecified, to any other Iron Works, or to any Lime Stone (Quarries or Coal Mines within the Pittance of Eight Miles therefrom, as tbp Petitioners should think proper; and that by an Act passed in the 37th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners were empowered to extend the Canal made in pursuance

Ranflcill, &c.

Inclosure

Petition.

Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of the First Act, and terminating near the Town of New-of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the port, from thence to a Place called otherwise

Road from Wilmfow Bridge, in Wtlmflow, in the County at the Pittance of about a Mile and Half

of Chester, through Nether Alderley and the Town of from Newport. — And' the Witness being further exa-Congleton, to or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in mined, feid, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the the said County: And that Mr. Creiveand Mr. EgertonExecution of the said Acts, and have completed the do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Canals and Rail Roads specified in the First Act, and

are now proceeding upon the Extension authorized by A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Second Act; and that the Petitioners find it expecthereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, dient that a Railway or Tram Road should be made freui Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Sirhowy Furnaces,- in the Parish of Bedvoelly, in the within the Township of Ranjkill, in the Parish of Blyth, County of Monmouth, along by certain extensive Iron ind the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County Works projected and now erecting in the same Parish* bf Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; and intchded to be called Tredegar Iron Works, through Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township Tredegar Park, to communicate with the Canal belong-of Ranjkill, and the Townshipand Parish of Scrooby afore- ing to the Petitioners, and the River' at or near the said, several Open and uninclosed Arable Fields, Meadows, Town of Newport, together with several Branches of Rail* Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in way or Tram Road from and out of the said last-men-the Whole, by Estimation, 1,300 Acres or thereabouts, tioned Railway or Tram Road, to other Places: That the Which, in their present Situation, cannot be properly im- Petitioners have expended the whole of the Sum of proved; but, if inclosed, reghlated, and divided into £.225,330 which they were authorized by the said Acts specific Allotments, would be of much greater Advan- to raile amongst themselves, and it is therefore necessary tage to the several Persons interested: And therefore that they should have Power to raise a further Sum of praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Money, to enable them to complete and establish their those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House said Navigation and Undertaking. — And the Witness shall seem meet. added. That it is expedient that some Alterations and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Amendments should be made in certain Provisions of suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the said Acts, and that some further Powers should be Picrrepont and Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do pre* granted for making the said intended Railway or Tram pare, and bring in, the lame. Road, with the several Branches therefrom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sutton-upon - A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are making and maintaining certain Railways to communi-strePetition. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, cate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for Owners of Estates in the Parish of Sutton-upon-Trem, in enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Un-and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said dertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, passed in the 32d and 37th Years of His present Ma-Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie in- jetty's Reign relating^thereto: And that Mr. Morgan, termixed, and dispersed in small Parcels;and, if the same ~ ~

were 'divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall l'cem meet.

Ordered, That I>eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prnver of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sir Robert Salu/bury, General Rooke, aild Sir Charles Morgan, do prepare, and jpring in, the fame;

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names kre thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford, wa3 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Town of Newent, in the County of Pierreponl and l^ord William Cavendish Bentinck do pre- Gloucester, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City

Monmimth-shire Canal Navigation Petition, reported.

of Hereford towards Newnham, in the said County of Gloitcester, is much out of Repair, narrow, and circuit* that the making, amending, widening, improving,

ous

and maintaining of a Road from a Place called The Crownhill, in the said Town of Newent, through the several Parishes of Newent aforesaid, Linton, and Upton Bishop, in the County of Hereford, to join the said Turn* pike Road leading from Hereford towards Newnham at a Place called The Crow hill, in the Parish of Upton Bishop

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Monmouth f lire Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Railways and Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, aforesaid, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and of public Report in his Fiace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Utility; and that the Road leading from the Bottom of Clerk's Table: Where the same was read ;. and is as fol- Kilcott Hill, near a Place called Phillips's Cottage, in the loweth; viz. Parish of Newent aforesaid, to the Lea Line in the Ham*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. let of in the said County of and also

Morgan Parry being examined, feid, That by an Act, the Road branching out of the said last mentioned Road passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Ma- near a Place called Perrin's Wood, in the Parish of Afon jesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make certain Ingham, in the said County of Hereford, and patting Navigable Canals therein described, and several Rail through a Place called The Croofe Green, and joining the Roads therein specified, from such Canals to certain Iron Road leading from the said Town of Newent to the said Works in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, and City of Hereford, near the Great Pool on Common,

Vol. 57. Stf«

Newent Roads Petition,

IV. field {loads Bill* prei'cnted.

fctockbridg# and Wnchdter JW »

Petit ons, rtpoited.

are in a very ruinous and dangerous State, and cannot be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, improving, and maintaining, the* said Roads, in fuqh. Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the " Town of Uckfield, in the County of to

bridge, in the Parish of V/eft hum, in the said County, " and Tor more effectually repairing the said Road; and " also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, u the Road from the Side Gate on the " Turnpike Road, in the Parish of to the

Turnpike Road leading from to

" wash, in the said County:" And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act, passed in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of,

in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester,

and from the said City through Lane to the

Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Wine hefter, through Otter borne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, for the South District of the Southampton Road; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whole Hands are thereunto set, being Creditors for l'cvera! Sums of Money lent and advanced on the Credit of the Tolls granted by an Act, passed in the coih Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and aiter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishops

Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the

Town and County of the Town of Southampton, on the South District of the Southampton Road, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. Thomas Ridding being examined, said, That the Trustees of the South District, together with those of the North District of the Southampton Road, were authorized, by the said Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to erect Gates or Turnpikes between the City of Winchester and the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, except within Three Miles of Bar Gate, in the said Town and County, and to take Tolls thereat; that, by the said Act of the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Road from Winchester to Southampton was divided into Two Districts, and the Clause restricting the Erection of a Gate nearer Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, than Three Miles, was repealed, so that the Trustees of the South District were then empowered to erect Gates or Turnpikes across any Part of that District, and to take certain Tolls thereat; and that, by virtue of the said several Acts of Parliament, considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to be ccllefted at the Gate* erected, or to be erected, under the Powers of the said Acts. — And the Witness being further examined, said. That, by the Act of the 41st "Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Trustees of the South District are reflrifted from taking any Toll at any Gate or Turnpike which should thereafter be erected within 800 Yards of Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, for any longer Term than Three succeeding Calendar Months, unless it should appear that the Money collected at all the Gates erected within the said South District should be inl'ufficient to enable the said Trustees to keep the said Road in Repair, and in that same only they are empowered to take Tolls in the luceeeding Year, for any Period not exceeding Four succeeding Months; by which Restriction the Security of the several Creditors upon the said Road is conltder-ably diminished. — And being further examined, he said. That under the said Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads claim an Exemption from Toll for all Cattie and Carriages passing and re-passing Northam Bridge and Roads to and from the Town of Southampton, and that, if such Exemption should be construed as having been granted by the said Act, the same will be very injurious to the said District of Road, and will also further diminish the Tolls to be collected thereon; and that the said Trustees are, by the last mentioned Act, empowered to borrow, and take up at Interest, over and above the Sum then due and owing, any further Sum of Money not exceeding £.3,000, and they have given Notice of their Intention to borrow more Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, but that the same cannot be obtained without the said restrictive Clause is repealed. — And the Witness added, That the said District of the Southampton Road is in a very bad Condition, and cannot be put in a proper State of Repair, unless the Powers of the said several Acts are altered, amended, and enlarged; and that it would be highly beneftcial to the Public in general, and to the Inhabitants of Southampton, wood, and Swathling, in particular, that the Road leading from the East Side of the South District of the Southampton Road, near Belle Vue, in the Parish of Saints, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, through Rockftone Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and Portswood, in the Parish of South Stone-ham, partly within the Liberties of the said Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and partly within the County of Southampton, to the Bridge over the River at Swathling, in the said Parish of South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, should be made a Part of the South District of the Southampton Road.

Ordered

i 7° Febru

125

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act* paired in the lit Year of the Reign of ffis present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of to the City of Wine hefter, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle

jDown, near the Town of Bishops , in the said

County* and from the said City of through

Otter borne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road: And that Mr. Amyatt and Mr. George Henry Rose do prepare, and bring in, the fame>.

bunchurch Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported and from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several RoadPrtiuon, 4be Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of

itported. Parliament for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the ill and *3th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were read: And,

Mr. John Woodcock being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Four Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birbury and A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of

inclosure Lands, within the Parishes of Birbury and Marton, in

Petition. the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parishes certain Open Fields and Commonable Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement* and it would tend to the Advantage of the Persons interested to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mor daunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Norwich Poor Petition*

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, of the Poor, in the City and Voi. $7.

County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, which has been found insufficient for the several Purposes thereby intended, and if the Powers and Provisions thereof were enlarged and altered, a new Workhouse might be erected, and the Poor of the said City and County might thereby be better and more comfortably maintained and supported, and at a less Expence than they are at present: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and extending the Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City,- and thereby to the better Maintenance of the Poor, by such Ways and Means* and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Aftley, Mr. Windham, &c. t And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Common Field, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, within the Parish of Everton cum Fetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 2d and 17 th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltafti, in the County of Cornwall:And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read Taking Notice of the said Bill and Setting forth, That several of the Provisions contained in the said Bill will prove highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to many other Persons residing near or travelling the said Road: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read* also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That several of the Provisions contained therein will be highly injurious to many Persons residing near or travelling the said Roads, and particularly so much thereof as relates to repealing lb much of one of the said Acts as provides, that nothing in that Act shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to put that Act into Execution, to erect, or cause to be erected, any Gate or Turnpike, or Stop Gate, the South Plymouth Side of Swilley, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon; for-as much as any such new Gate would bar other Roads,

K k and

Everton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Saltash Roads Bill, presented.

Petition of certain Persons again# D* BUI.

Petition of Inhabitants of Plymouth against D°£iU.

126 1 *?° Februariu A. 180 a.

and prove highly burthensome to those who but just enter on and pals over but a very Imall Portion of the said Road: And' therefore praying the House to grant them such Relief, as to the House may fecm meet; and that, if found necessary, they may be heard by their Counsel or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may ailed them; and have such Relief, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Bangor Road* A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition. thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes or Places of Bangor,

degai, Llanllechid, LlanrTrewydir, Dolivyddelan, Bettws-y-coed, , and Eidda, in

the County of Carnarvon, and Tfpytty, and

Llanyfydd, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from, or nearly from, Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, through Capel Cerrig, in the same County, to

or near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the County of Denbigh, is greatly out of Repair, circuitous, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if the said Road were properly amended, widened, and improved, and the Course thereof in feme Parts varied or altered, it would be productive of considerable Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of great public Utility, more especially by forming a nearer and better Communication between Ireland, by the Way of Holyhead, and London, Bath, and the

intermediate Places: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Asheton Smith, the Lord Paget, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lon^psrish A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Petition* thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, in the Parish of in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Aston, otherwise West Tafton, and Middleton, in the Parish of Longparish, in the County of Southampton, divers Open and Common Fields, which lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and indofed, it would be of great Benefit to all Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Asheton Smith and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

aiikitone, Sec.A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands inclosure and Estates within the several and respective Manors and Petition. Townships of Silkftone, Hoy-land, Swaine, and Cawthorne, in the Parish of Silkftone, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

6

was presented to the House, and read Setting forth,

That there are, within the said respective Manors and Townships, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, lying open and uninclosed, and also certain Open Fields and Mesne Inclosures, being the mixed Property of divers Owners having specific Parcels of Land therein; and it would be for the great Benefit of the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puf-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry celles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Manrimgfonl thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and petition? others, Owners of Estates within the Manor of Manning-ford, otherwise Manningford Bohun, in the Parish of Wihford, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor several Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow, a Common Down, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, consisting of upwards of 800 Acres, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, very inconvenient for Cultivation; but, if the same were divided, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, and the Allotments inclosed, they might be very much improved; and that Notice of the intended Application for the Inclosure of the said Lands and Ground was duly given in the Months of August and September last, on the Church Door of the Parish of Wilsford, to which the Inhabitants of Manningford usually resort to Divine Service, and the Lands and Ground were therein, by Mistake, described to be within the Parish as well as within the Manor of Manningford, but it has since been discovered that the said Manor is actually within, and Part of, the Parish of Wihford, although lying at a considerable Distance therefrom: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joshua Smith, Mr. Goddard,

See: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of , William Wyndham, Esquire, Charles Uphaven Gibbes, Thomas Alexander, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of, and Proprietors in-tcrested in, the several Common Fields, and other Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and, if they were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the feve* ral Proprietors, the same would be more convenient' and advantageous to them: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And

Uverpodl Streets, &c. ^Petition.

liverpool Docks, &c* Petition*

And it is referred td Mr. JoJJnia Smith, Mr. Pierrepont, West, and by the Lands of various Proprietors on the

See.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at East (and which Highway was, by an Act of the .39th Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to have been have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. opened or enlarged to the Width of 35 Yards) and in

lieu thereof, to substitute Two other Highways, of not

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Coun- leis than 20 Yards Breadth, running in the like Di-"cil, of tire Town and Corporation of Liverpool, in Com- rection with the old one; in the effecting of which Plan, mon Council assembled, was presented to the House, not only the Commercial and general Interest of the laid and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Town and Port, and the Public in general, will be served,

26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the but allb the Petitioners have no Doubt of the ready Petitioners were authorized to make, open, and widen. Concurrence of the several Proprietors of the Lands and certain Streets and Places in the said Act particularly Premises to the Eastward of the said old Road, as it will mentioned, and for that Purpose are allowed the Space certainly much conduce to their private Advantage: of Twenty Years from the passing such Act; and that And therefore praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of repeal, amend, explain, and add to the several Clauses, such Power, but have not as yet completed the lame; Powers, and Provisions, contained in the present existing and that the Petitioners were also entrusted, by the Acts, relating to the Docks, Port, and Harbour of same Act, with other Powers relating to the Improve- Liverpool, to grant to the Petitioners, Powers for Regu-ment of the Town, but have, by Experience, found that lation of all Ferries now established, and hereafter to be many of the Provisions of the said Act are by no means established, upon the said River Mersey, within the said adequate to the Evils they were meant to remedy, and Port of Liverpool, and Powers allb for the Regulation that further Provisions are also wanted to meet other of all Boats and Craft plying for Hire in any Part of the Evils; and that Power to erect and establish Markets, laid River, within the said Port; to stop up the said and to open and widen certain other Streets, will tend old Highway, and to repeal the afore-mentioned Clause to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inha- of the Act of the 39th of His- present Majesty, and to bitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be make and open the said Two new intended Roads, in given to bring in a Bill for a further Extension and En- lieu of the said old Highway, upon such Terms, and largement of the said Term of Twenty Years, for erecting subject to such Rules and Regulations, as to the House and establishing Markets, for opening and widening cer- shall seem meet and expedient.

tain other Streets, and for adding to the several Clauses, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Powers, and Provisions, contained in the aforesaid Act Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of the 26th of His present Majesty, upon such Terms, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it and subject to such Rules and Regulations, as to the shall appear to them, to the House:

House shall seem meet and expedient. And it is referred to General Mr. Stanley,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Gascoyne, General Tar let on, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Liverpool and

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- Prescott of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power cution an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and

amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescott, Ashton,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Common Council of the Town and Corporation of in the County Palatine of was presented to

Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Council assembled, was presented to the House, and have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as Trustees and considerable Sums of Money, borrowed upon the of the Docks within the Port and Harbour o { Liverpool, Credit of the Tolls, are now due and owing; and that have exerted themselves, from Time to Time, under the the Powers granted by the said Act are in several Respects several Acts which have been obtained, for the Safety defective, and the said Roads cannot be kept in effectual and Accommodation of the Ships and Vessels belonging Repair, and the Debt repaid, unless the Term of the said and resorting to the said Port; and that the Petitioners Act be continued, and further Powers granted, and the have found, that feme of the Clauses in the said Acts Tolls therein specified, varied, and modified; and that are so ineffectual as to require a Repeal, and others of if Part of the said Act, which respects the Repair of the such Clauses require Explanation and Amendment; public Highway or Road leading from the House known and also, for the better and more efficacious Government by the Sign of The Blue Bell, in the Village of Hayton, to and Security of the said Docks, and of the Shipping the South-West Corner of the Church-yard there, was therein, from Fire, new and additional Provisions are to be repealed, and instead thereof the Turnpike Road requisite; and that there are certain ancient Ferries upon was to be continued from the said South-West Comer the River Mersey, within the Limits of the said Port Eastward, to unite with the said Turnpike Road from (with the Owners of which Ferries the Petitioners are Liverpool to Prescott, being about a Mile in Length, now in Treaty) and also certain modern Ferries within and be amended and kept in Repair by the Petitioners, the same Situation, all of which require Regulation, it would be of public Utility, by making a more direct both in point of Conduct, and of their Rates or Fares; and convenient Communication between the Town of and also the like Regulation is wanted in respect of the Prescott and Township of Hayton-, and that if another Boats, and other Craft, plying for Hire upon the said Part of the said Act, which respects the Repair of Part of River; the Powers as to all which, if vested in the the said Turnpike Roads from the old Toll Bar in Hillock Petitioners, would conduce, in a very high Degree, to Street, in Prescott, to the Junction of the new Road next the Convenience and Accommodation, not only of the mentioned, should be repealed, and in Lieu thereof a Mercantile Part of the said Town and Port in particular, certain Street in the Town of Prescott called The Long but also of its Inhabitants in general, and of all Persons Street, which is now generally used as the public Road relbrting thither; and that the Petitioners have it in Con- from Prescott to Warrington, being more fife and com-templation to stop up the present Highway, which runs modious than the old Road, was to be amended, widened, from Bath Street to the Northern Limits of the said and kept in Repair by the Petitioners, it would be of Town, and which is bounded by the River Mersey on the great public Benefit, the old Road being in several Parts

Vol. 57. very

Very narrow, of deep Descent, and dangerous to Travellers; and that if the said Turnpike Road was to be continued from the Inn or Dwelling House in known by the Sign of The Old Legs of Man, to and past a House known by the Sign of The and from thence on towards the East Side of the said 1 own of Prescott to Hillock Street, it would be rendered more commodious to the Public; and that if additional Toll Bars, with Toll Houses and convenient Side Bars, were erected and put up on certain Parts of the said Turnpike Roads as may be deemed expedient, the said Tolls would be more productive, and bear more equally and impartially upon the Public, by railing a just Proportion thereof from certain Districts lying contiguous to the said Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term, to vary and modify the Tolls, and increase the Powers granted by the said Act, to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to erect additional Toll Bars, Toll Houses, and Side Bars, upon certain Parts of the said Roads, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Gascoyne, General Tarleton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liverpool A Petition of William Marfden, Andrew , and

PetitT*1 Charles Bardftvell, for and on Behalf of themselves and ctitian. £verai other Persons in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have lately agreed with the Corporation of Liverpool for the Purchase of a Piece of Ground situate on the South Side of Berry Street, within the liberties of the Town and Parish of Liverpool, for the Purpose of erecting a new Church or Chapel, and that the Petitioners intend to" finish and complete the same in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein; and they are desirous that the lame, when finished, may be consecrated, set apart, and dedicated to and for such Service, and established as a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Usage of the Church of England, for ever, and that the Residue of the said Piece of Ground may be set apart and consecrated as and for a Cemetery or Burial Place to the same Church: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are certain Truf- thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Three ine'ofDoM Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Road Bill! Majesty, and in the 5th and 40th Years of the Reign of His prei'ent Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and allb from the W ell End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadzvell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint all in the County of Middlesex-, and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Little Ay lie Street and Great Ay lie Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and High Street, in the City of London-, and Setting forth.

That one of the Roads therein described is to pals across that Part of the said Turnpike Road commonly called Cannon Street Road, which leads North from Cannon Street, in tlfe Parish of Saint George in the East, into Whitechapel Road, and which intended Road will lie about a Quarter of a Mile North of the other Branch of the said Turnpike Road leading from the West End of Brook Street, Ratcliffe, to the East End of Cable Street,

Saint George's, and nearly parallel therewith, and will take in Part of a private Occupation Road, crolfing the said Turnpike Road called White Horse Lane, which has been hitherto very little used; and that a very considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, by Way of Mortgage, on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts, which now remains due and owing; and that the said intended Road will greatly lessen the Produce of the Tolls of the said Turnpike Road, under the Care of the Petitioners and others, Trustees under the said Acts, to the great Injury of the Creditors thereof, whole Debts the Petitioners have not been able to reduce since the Establishment of this Trull; and further Debts have been necessarily incurred, in particular for the Expence of passing the said last mentioned Act, which, by Realbn of such Reduction of the Tolls, it will not be in their Power to discharge, unless proper Provision is made in the said Bill for indemnifying the Creditors under the said Acts, against the Injury they will sustain by the Operation of such Bill, should the same be palfed into a Law:

And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for fecunng to the Creditors under the said Acts, a . Compensation adequate to the Lois they will sustain by the Diminution of the Tolls on the said Turnpike Road, in consequence of the making and opening of the said intended Road, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, presented. ' and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are weftHorfrley thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, ^lofiire Owners of Estates within the Parish and Manor herein- e 1 loB" after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there is a certain Open Common Field, allb divers Commons and Waste Lands, within or belonging to the Manor of WestHorseley, in the Parish of West Horseley, in the County of Surrey, which might be much improved, if divided and allotted among the Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a - Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Plumer, Lord William Russell, and Sir John Frederick, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Stretford's thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing certain Road‘ Acts for the Repair of the Roads herein after mentioned, et, tion‘

in

Little Ormfide

Inclosure

fetition*

in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was presented to the House, and rc;id; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading fron; Stretford's Bridge, in the County of , to The New

Inn, in t he Parish of Winftanflow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Bine Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymjlrey, in the said County of Hereford, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymjlrey ;and that an Act was passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said Act; and that the Trustees appointed by or by virtue of the said recited Acts, have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remains due and owing; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, altered, and repaired, unless the Term, by the said Acts granted and continued, is enlarged, and the Powers and Provisions thereof are altered, varied, and amended, and the Tolls increased; and that the Road from Wigmor through Payto, to The New Inn, which is Part of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Acts, being nearly parallel with the other Road therein described, from to The New Inn

aforesaid, the Petitioners conceive it is not necessary that the same should be continued under their Care, and it is expedient that they should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof; and that the Road from the Watling Street Road, in a Place called The Long Lane, to the said Place called The New Inn, in the County of Salop, does not necessarily form a Part of the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, but might be more easily and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the the Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the 8th, 25th, and 41st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from , to the Turnpike Road at Wefibury, and from Brockton to the

Turnpike Road at Minflerley, in the several Counties of

Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, and also for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Lowther, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. Spencer Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Magistratesand principal Inhabitants Kilmarnock of the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, was Brag's! sfc. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Petition, the Approaches to the said Town are extremely inconvenient, and many of the Streets therein are very narrow and incommodious, and require to be altered and widened to render them lafe and convenient to the Inhabitants thereof, and Persons frequenting the fame; and that the River or Water of Kilmarnock runs through Part of the said Town, and often fifes to a great Height, and thereby prevents the Communication between one Part of the Town and the other, which cannot be remedied unless Two Bridges are built over the said River or Water, and Power given to levy Pontage thereon for defraying the Expence thereof; and that the present Slaughter House belonging to the said Town is situated in an inconvenient Place, and the Town Hall, Guard House, and Gaol or Tolbooth, are in very bad Repair, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, if a new Slaughter House, Town Hall, and Guard House were built, and the said Gaol properly repaired; and that, from the great Increase of Inhabitants in the said Town, the Burying Ground thereof is become too Imall, and it is necessary that Power should be given to purchase a sufficient Quantity of Land in of near the said Town for that Purpose; and that the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages of the said Town, Nethertownholm, Townend Glebe, and Grange Land, are, very badly paved, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of* the said Town, if Power were given to pave the lame, and make other Improvements therein; and that it would tend to the better Regulation of the said Town, if the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates was to be extended over the Street called Nethertownholm, or Glencairn Street, and to the Buildings which have been or shall be erected on the Lands of Grange, and to such of the intended new Streets, communicating with the said Town, as are beyond their present Jurisdiction: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and making other Improvements in the said Town, under such Regulations and Restrict ionsas the House shall think proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Callander, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township of Little Ormfide, in the Parish of Ormfide, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Tracts of Open Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing 260 Acres and upwards, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Service; but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, considerable Advantage would be derived from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said I^mds and Grounds to and amongst the several Persons interested, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 57.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Thurlby thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Estates within the inclosure Parish of Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln, was pre- etltlon‘ Tented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and also a Common Fen, over or upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to a Right of Common; and that the said'Lands and Grounds lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Quantities, and cannot be managed and cultivated to Advantage in their present State; and it would be beneficial to the Owners of Estates within the said Parish if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and allotted in Severalty, to the Persons entitled thereto:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

LI laid

Westbury

inclosure

Petition.

Chucrhtoxi

inclosure

Petition.

Bill respeCHiii the Salt* of Eels, passed.

130 17 0 Februarii.A. 1802.

said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the " Sale Fifty under a Clause

House shall Teem meet. " contained an Act of the Firf of his late

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, " Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook" as relates pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that to the Sale of Eels.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Ordered, That the Lord Glenbcrvie do carry the Bill do prepare, and bring in, the fame. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of West bury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pafhires, and Commonable Places, which Common Fields and Common Meadows lie intermixed and dif-peried, and are, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided among the Proprietors, and specinc Parts thereof allotted to them in Severalty, it would tend greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for etfedluating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to biing in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. S.tawLefevre, Sir Henry Paulet St. John

and Mr. Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Thomas Fenwick, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Claughton in Lorfdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wlfo are severally Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wit bin the said Manor, and entitled' to certain Commonable and other Rights in and upon the Moor, Common, and Waste Grounds, Parcel thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, a certain Tract of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Moor, containing, by Estimation, 850 Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of very trifling Value; but, in case the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, great Advantage would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Traci; of Moor, Common, or Walls Ground, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. // it ./man and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

: An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, made

in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining,

" amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act,

" made in the Twenty-fcccnd Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An riel for making a free " Market for the Sale of Fiji: the City Gf W estminster;

" and for preventing the ferefand monopolizing of

" Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fiftt, under the Dimensionsmentioned in a ClauJ'e contained in an Act of the

" First Year of his late Majesty'Reign, in case the same " are taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend lb much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale " of Fiftt in the City of \\ estminster; and for preventing the " J or eft ailing and monopolizing; and for allowing the

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed Southtrn to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern W^hale Fishery.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Excl^ner from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sported!*

Bill for raising the Sum of Two Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Time for Private Bills be enlarged until Friday Sevennight, the receiving 26th Day of this Instant February. enlarged!

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Veterinary others, Subscribers to an Institution called The -nary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Plan Hated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6th of February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horses, and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in Hating, that One hundred and One Pupils have passed Examination at the said College, many of whom are now settled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired, to the great Advantage of the Public; and it is with particular Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to (late, that the Importance of the Institution having been taken into Consideration by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons educated at the College to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry has been determined on, in pursuance of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred; and that, in consequence of such Decision, Thirty-four Pupils, whose Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Twenty-five other Pupils are now pursuing their Studies at the College, several of them intending to fill limilar Situations as soon as they shall be deemed duly qualified, each of

them

them being subject to the same rigorous Examination Of the Medical Committee, and to be certified in the same Manner as has hitherto been practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College; a;id the Petitioners further state, that desirous of rendering, to the utmost of their Power, their Institution advantageous to the public Service, the Colonels of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to . the College, in order to his being taught the Structure, Economy, and different Diseases of the Horse's Foot, and instructed in a Mode of Shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation; and that many Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for Instruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge; and that the College continues under the Direction of the Professor, Mr. , a Gentleman

of Talents and Skill, and who, by many useful and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully justified the Expectations formed of its Improvement from his Exertions; and that the Petitioners have already Rated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly from the embarrassed State of their Finances; and though the Aid l'o liberally granted by Parliament, has, in a great Degree, alleviated their Difficulties, it has yet proved inadequate to remove thenventirelv, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, with the utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the Estimate of the Committee of the House, to whom the former Petition was referred, and within those Limits to which they are still of Opinion it would be proper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Establishment, the Petitioners have again, with Regret, to state, that (under the heavy Prefl'ure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to Perfection an Establishment which, from the Advantages accruing from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of public Property as the Horses , of the Army, is become, more than ever, an Object of National Importance: And therefore praying, That they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tinmouth A Petition of William Fowke, Esquire, being offered

Lifchthouse j-,e presented to the House; etmon. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. *

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date at the 13th

Day of June, in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, a Lighthouse was established at Tinmouth, in the County of Northumberland, for the Accommodation of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the Harbour and Port of 'Tinmouth, which Lighthouse, and the Ground and Soil whereon the same was situate, was thereby veiled in Edward Villiers(afterwards Sir Knight) his Heirs and Assigns, who were authorized to take the Sum of 12 d.for every Veil'd passing by the said Lighthouse, and belonging or trading to the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, and 35. for every Ship of, or belonging to, any Foreigner or Stranger coming or passing by the said Lighthouse; the said Edward Villiers, his Heirs and Assigns, yielding and paying the refore Yearly to the said King, his Heirs and Successors, such Rent as therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner, as Nephew of , Widow of Henry

VOL. 57.

Villiers, Grandson of the said Patentee Sir Edward Villiers, is now become seised of the said Lighthouse and Premises; and that the Maficr, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of Trinity of

Newcastle upon Tyne, and a great Number of Merchants,

Traders, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, and others, interested in the Trade and Navigation of the Ports of Newcastle upon Tyne and Sunderland, and the Parts adjacent, taking into Consideration the present State of the said Tinmouth Lighthouse and Light, and the great Benefit which would result to the Navigation of the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, and the Parts adjacent, if the said Lighthouse should be altered by taking down a Part thereof, and erecting a Copper Lighthouse Lanthorn, and by substituting for the present Coal Light, an Oil Light, on the improved Principle of Mr. George Robinson, by Patent Lamps, and high polished Silver plated Refledlors, with a revolving Machine, according to a Plan and Estimate lately made for the Purpose by the said George Robinson, have requested the Petitioner, as present Proprietor of the said Lighthouse and Light, to cause the said Lighthouse and Light to be altered accordingly; and, in Consideration of the Colls and E# pences which the Petitioner will thereby necessarily incur, and of the increased annual Expence which will attend the keeping, maintaining, and managing of the said Lighthouse and Light, in a proper Manner, according to the said Alteration and Improvement, have signified their full Consent to having certain additional Light Duties granted; and that the Petitioner is willing to cause the said Lighthouse and Light to be altered, improved, and maintained, in Manner before-mentioned, upon the Terms of having such additional Light Duties granted, as have been so consented to by the several Penons aforesaidj and that such Alteration and Improvement in the said Lighthouse and Light as aforesaid, may be of great public Utility, by contributing to the Safety and Preservation of the Lives, Ships, and Goods of His Majesty's Subjects and others, navigating and passing by the said Lighthouse and Light: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for raising a competent Sum of Money, by way of Mortgage, of the said Lighthouse, to defray the necessary Costs and Charges thereto relating.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Bere Forest Brownlow Lord Bishop of Winchejleand the humble Pctltlon* Petition of Robert Thijllethwayte, Esquire, Warden of the Forest of South, alias East Bere, alias Bier, in the County of Southampton, and of the other Person whole Name is thereunto lubscribed, being Purlieu Owners of Lands within the said Forest, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Purlieu Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Regard of the said Forest, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That His Majesty, in Right of His Crow'n, is seised of the Forest of South, alias East , alias containing 8,000 Acres or thereabouts, and that the said Forest comprizes Two Walks, one called The East Walk, and the other called The West Walk-, and His Majesty is seised of certain Parcels of Demesne Land within the said Forest, distinguished from the other Districts or Purlieus, containing 929 Acres or thereabouts; and the several other Districts or Purlieus (ex- elusive of His Majesty's said Demesne Lands) do belong to the Petitioners and others, having Lands within the Regard of the said Forest j and that the Soil of the said

Forest

Forest is particularly well adapted for the Growth of Oak Timber, and is situate very conveniently for Communication with the Naval Yard at being in most Parts contiguous thereto; and that the said Forest, in its present State, yields very little Profit either to His Majesty, or to the said Purlieu Owners, in Companion of what it might do if the same was Diiafforested and divided, allotted, inclosed, and held in Severalty by His Majesty, and the several Persons interested therein; and that it hath been proposed, that a certain Portion of the said Forest shall be set out and allotted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Severalty, in Lieu of His Privileges and Patronage in and over the said Forest; and, as a Confederation for the Dil'afforcftation of the fame, and for the Purpose of preserving the Growth of Wood and Timber for the Supply of the Navy, and for no other Use, Intent, or' Purpose whatsoever; and that a certain other Part of the said Forest shall be set out and allotted to the said Robert

thwayte, in Lieu of his Privileges and Patronage as Warden of the said Forest; and that the Residue of the said Forest shall be set out and allotted to His Majesty, to the Petitioners, and the other Purlieu Owners, and to those Persons who have Right of Common in the said Forest, according to their several Rights ' and Interests therein; and that l'uch Division and Inclosure of the said Forest will not only tend to the Benefit of His Majesty, and all Persons interested therein, but, by reason of the Extent of the fame, and the general Richness and Fertility of the Soil, and its Vicinity to the Town of will also be of

feat general public Utility: And therefore praying, hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Dif-afforefting the said Forest, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amy at t, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take confi'ier CivU into Consideration the several Accounts which were Lift Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of

Account*. the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty s Civil List: And that they do examine the said Accounts; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee be a Select Committee, confiding of Twenty-one Members.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Charles Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right honourable Sir William Scott, William Esquire, Ifaae

Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the Lord Arden, John Crewe, Esquire, Lord Viscount William Pturner,

Esquire, the Right honourable Charles Long, William Baker, Esquire, Sir Robert Buxton, Baronet, Rickard Ellfon, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, the Lord Lovable, Rowland Burdon, Esquire, Sir James,

Baronet, Samuel Thornton, Esquire, Benjamin Esquire, the Honourable Richard Trench, and Nicholas Vanjittart, Esquire, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time; and to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. fiptn Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, pre-

mferred. fen ted to this House, of the estimated Charge of His

H

Majesty's Civil List, from the Year 1786 to the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of ‘the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ref jived. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the " Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States " of America," as relates to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was direct'd by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,18® die;

Anno 4a0 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

MR. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of in the

Parish of Swerford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and al(b an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for widening the said Roads, and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford , next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; and also an Act, made in the 21ft

Yew-

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deferred.

Committee on

Act refitting America* Treaty.

Swerford

Inclosure Bill*

presented*

Henley Bridge and Culham Bridge Roads Petition*

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Two Acts before-mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road leading from Henley Bridge to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham and to the Place called The Mile in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said last mentioned Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls arising upon the Roads last mentioned, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Tolls, and the Term and Powers of the said Acts, are enlarged, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Henley Bridge to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham , and to the

Place called The Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, the present Tolls not being sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money due, and keep the said Road in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as she House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Worthington, A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

*PethionfUre thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of etIt,0,* Lands in the Open Fields and Meadows, and Estates having Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Worthington and Breedon, and the Township of Newbold, and in the Parish of Breedon on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That "there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 1,400 Acres or thereabouts,' which, in their present Situation, are incapar ble of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House' shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Laftingham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Petition^ thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Rights of Commons, or otherwise interested in the Commons and Waste Lands, and also Owners of ancient inclosed Lands, within the several Town-ships of Lajlingham, SpauAppleton, Hutton, and

dale West Side, in the Manor of Spaunton and Parish of Lajlingham, in the North' Riding of the County of York, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons and Waste Lands contain about

10,000 Acres, and are not, in their present State, capable of Improvement; and it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Persons interested, if the same were, divided and inclosed, and a due Compen&tion made for the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient Inclosures within the said Townships, and for the Right of Soil in the said Commons and Waste Lands: And therefore praying, Vox.. 57.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Righl honourable John Bowes Earl Mickietoa of Strathmore, Lord of the Manor of in the *ll‘;!°rure

Parish of Romald Kirk, in the North Riding of the e County of York, was presented to the House, and read:

Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Township of Mickleton aforesaid, a Commdn, and divers Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, Acres or

thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in fmatl Parcels; and, if thd feme were divided, and allotted unto and amongst the Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Mariner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Otieyaid thereunto subscribed, being Creditors and Trustees of the skipton Road* respective Districts of Turnpike Roads from to p^tio^f

Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and wideri-ing certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said County; and that by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Two Acts, fb fer as they relate to the District of Road from Skipton to Clitheroe, were repealed; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the 21st Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have proceeded in the Execution of the same, in widening and repairing the said Districts of Road between Otley and Skipton, and between Skipton and Colne, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said last mentioned District of Road, which, together with the Tolls arising therefrom, have been duly applied, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; but that the same cannot be completely finished and kept in Repair, and the respective Monies so borrowed, or the Interest thereof be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Districts of Road, be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said respective Tolls increased; and that it would be for the Convenience of the Public, if Part of the Line of Division of the Road from Addingham to Skipton, by way of Draughton, in the said District of Road between Otley and Skipton, was varied, and carried over a Close called Well-Close, in the Township of Addingham, and a small Portion of the Glebe of and in the Parish of Addingham', and if so much of the said Line of Division as extends Westward from or near a certain Gate called the Cow-Close Gate, between the Pastures called Sun-Moor and Cow-Close, belonging to the Right honourable the Earl of Thanet, to the Town of Skipton aforesaid, and terminating at the Grammar School.

House there, was discontinued, and if instead thereof a new Road was made from or near the said Cow-Close , Southweftward, by and through Lands belonging to the

Mm feid

fiiul Karl, ami the Vicar ot aforesaitl, and lb as to'

join the present Road from to by way

of Rumb/efmoor, at the Foot of the Hill called Short or ShoadBreak, in the Township of at or near the

Sulphur Well there; and that the Public would be Hill more accommodated, if so much of the said Line of Division as extends Welhvard from the Welt End of a Clole called 7'he Ings-CloJe,belonging to the said Karl, and ter-

minating at the said School House, w;is discontinutfd, and if in Head thereof a new Road was made from the said Iugs-Close Korthweftward, through other Lands of the said Karl, a certain Lane called the Lane, Lands belonging to Skipton Grammar School, and certain small Buildings and Scites of Buildings, situate on the North Side of the Newmarket Street, in the Town of Skipton i And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com liberation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Part of the Creditors, and also Part of the Trustees of the respective Districts of Turnpike Roads from Ot/ey to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Cuiham Road A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Id,:?* thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Houses, and PolTefrors and Occupiers of Farms and Lands in the Counties of Berks and Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of , in the County of Oxford, to and through the Parishes of Dudcote and Hag borne, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston into the Turn-

pike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks, is in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and out of Repair; and it would be for the Benefit of the Public if the same were widened, altered, amended, and made passable throughout for Ilorfes, Carts, and Carriages, and effectually kept in Repair; and such Road would also be rendered more convenient and useful to the Public, and a better Communication would be obtained, by the Ercction of a Bridge at or near Culham Wharf, in the said County of Oxford, to extend across the River Thames or lfis, in, from, and out of, the Parish of Culham aforesaid, to and into the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for erecting the said Bridge at or near Culham Wharf aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-' liberation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Vanfttart, Mr. Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the ('lock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Waiitigc A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, and other Commonable and Waste lands and Grounds, lying in the Township of Wantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and clifperfed in small Parcels, and arc inconveniently liluated; and it would be for the Benefit of the Proprietors if the same were divided, and specitic Parts and Shares thereof allotted to and amongst them in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Vanfttart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Bk-wheny thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of t hem le Ives and others,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in Blew* berry, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in Blewberry aforesaid, which lie intermixed, and diipcrfed in small Parcels; and, if divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and certain Parts thereof inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the said l^ands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-.suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Vanfttart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Harriot Dowager Goocferfame Countess of Efex, Lady of the Manor of Gooderfone with penuon?

Oxburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons, whose Narfies are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, arid Shackage, within the Parish of Gooderfone, in the said County, was presented to die House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadow's, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, computed to contain 3,100 Acres or thereabouts, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk,

Common, and Shackage, and great Part thereof intermixed in small Pieces, and very inconveniently situated; and it would be for the Benefit of the Persons interested, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shack-: age, were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Afley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc EastRufton thereunto liibscribed, being Owmers and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the petition. Parishes of Eafi Rufon and Brunfead, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons, Common Fields, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, sundry Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided, and specific . Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

' Ordered,

i80 FebruariL

*35

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Act ley. Sir Marlin Bro wne Folk and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Halvergate A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are FetiUoaT thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, fondry Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested, if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such. Regulations and Restrictions as to the I louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pur-, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Aftley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. Jodrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

\Varcop A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names' are Petition6 thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenementswithin the Parish of War cop, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Tracts of Open Common, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing 600 Acres and upwards, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if. the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, very considerable Advantage wopld be derived by the Petitioners, from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Lands and Grounds, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition-: And- that Mr. Aftley, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. James do prepare, and bring in, the lame. , .

BucWand Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, according to f^rt*er> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fented. the Common Fields', Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of Buckland, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bedford Level Mr. Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom tHa^Drain- the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are *ge Petition, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other reported. Owners of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships, of

with-Wilton, Fell well Saint Mary, and Saint

Nicholas, in the County of Norfolk, and in in

the County of Suffolk, and in a certain Extra-parochial Place called Norland, in the said County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied wish; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Abraham Wing being examined, laid. That by an Act Vo 1. SI-

made in the 13 th Year of the Reign of His' present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, be- tween certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Felt-well New DistriEl,' and the Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Fen Lands and Low Grounds thereby intended to be embanked and drained were made Two separate Dil-trifts or Divisions, called The First D or Division, and The Second DistriEl or Division, as therein particularly

described; and the said Commissioners therein named, and their Successors, were authorized to put the said Act into Execution within each respective District: as therein'inen-tioned: That the Commissioners of the said Second Dif-triit, in pursuance of the said Act, and ' by virtue of the Powers thereby given to them, have- made several Cuts,

Drains, and Outlets, and made several'Banks, and done other Works in, through, and upon the said Lands and Grounds comprized within the' laid.Second District, for the draining and preserving of the lame, and assessed the said Lands and Grounds with the several Rates and Taxes authorized by the laid‘recited Act;: that, for the Purpose of making and preserving the said Works of Drainage,' the said Commissioners have borrowed several Sums of Miney' upon Security of the Rates chargeable: upon the said Lands arid Grounds, by virtue of the said Act, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for securing'thd Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, and a considerable Debt now remains "due -upon the Assigntnteflt of the said Rates, and otherwise, on account of the Aid LAnds and Grounds; and: that kite laid Lands and Groutids'comprized within the1'Limits of the said ' Second: Dtftriitj might be. further greatly improved by. additional ‘ Works of Drainage, but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raised, by the said Act have been found insufficient -for Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in-Repair, the-preterit Works j and the Powers given to the said Commissioners are also found to- be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Preservation. of the said Lands and Grounds ^and the Mode of appointing the said Commissioners is found to , be inconvenient^ and it is therefore necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make some Alterations and Amendments.in other Parts of the said Act; and also to erect some Mills or Engines, and to make some additional Works and Drains for the more effectual draining and preserving the said Lands arid Grounds, and to lay additional Taxes on the said Lands and Grounds, in order to raise Money-for the aforelaicl Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the " South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers " or Drains called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a " certain Level or District called Feltwell Neiv DistriEl,

" and the Hard Lands of Woodkall-in-H and Helgay, > ." in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk,'' as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second DistriEi or Division described in the Aid Act: And that Mr.

Aftley, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, and Mr. Jodrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wookey,&e. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates pe^e in some or one of the several Parishes and Places herein after-mentioned, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Low Lands and Grounds, containing together

15,000 Acres or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and lying in the several Parishes, Chapelries,

Villages, or Hamlets, of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney Stoke,

Beam Heath

Inclosure

Petition*

Denton

IncU>sure

Petition.

Abingdon, Lc. Inclosure Petition.

\Vedmtre, Mi&re, Wtare, Kyiand, Biddi/hant,

East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Compton

Loxton, Bleadon, Brian, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Sotnerfet, and situate near, and draining into

the River Axe, in the tkme County; and that the said Lands and Grounds, from their low and flat Situation, and by reason of there not being any Dahl, Sluice, Lock, or Stop Hatches, in, upon* or across the said River in order to prevent the Water from the Bristol Channel, at high 'l'ides, from running up the said River, are vety liable to be flooded, and cahhot be property drained, and do receive much Injury and Damage thereby, which is chiefly occasioned by there not being any Dam, Sluice, Lock, or Stop Hatches aforesaid, and by the circuitous Course of the said River, by the Narrownels of the lame, and by divers other Obstructions, Impediments, and Annoyances, in and near thereto; and that if proper and sufficient Cuts, Rhines, Drains, Outlets, Flood Gates, Locks, Dams, or Sluices, and other Works and Conveyances, were made for draining and preserving, from future Floods, the said Low Lands and Grounds, great Benefit Would accrue to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Public, and the Navigation of the said River would be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Thyme, Mr. son, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

- . i

A Petition of the thereunder-ligned Persons, interested in the Open Common or Waste called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvafton and Parish of Nantvjich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Common or Waste contains about 400 Statute Acres, and, in its present State, is incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided, inclosed, and improved, under such Regulations as may be thought proper, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fubforibed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Marsh Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of tire laid Petition: And that Lord Frederick Montagu and Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and the several Persons whole Names arc thereunto fubforibed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners and Pro-7

prietors of Lands and Estates in Abingdon Lands and Fields, and the Hamlet of Shippon, in the Parish of Saint Helen, in the County of Berks, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tint there are several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in Abingdon Lands and Fields, and the Hamlet of Shippon aforesaid, and certain Parts thereof, namely, Abingdon,

Abingdon Mead, and the Breaches adjoining, situated in the Parish of Saint Helen aforesaid, are subject to certain Rights of Common for Horses and Cows of House-keepers, in the Town of Abingdon; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open Fields lie very much intermixed, arid dispersed in small Parcels, so as to fender the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient, and the lame, as well as the Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, before-mentioned (except Abingdon Commoni Abingdon Mead, and the Breaches aforesaid) would be greatly improved if they were divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty, unto and amorigit the Persons interested, according to their respective Rights, and certain Parts thereof inclosed; and although it would be inconvenient and detrimental to divide and inclose the said Abingdon QommOii, Abingdon Mead, and Breaches,- by reason of the Rights of Common of the said Housekeepers thereon, yet it would be a considerable Improvement and Advantage to the several Persons concerned if the first Crop or Mowth in the said Abingdon Mead were allotted, fixed, and regulated, between and among the Persons interested, without Prejudice to the Rights of Common there: And therefore pfaying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Gofnmon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground (except the said Abingdon Common,

Abingdon Mead, and Breaches) and for allotting, fixing, and regulating, the first Crop or Mowth in Abingdott Mead aforesaid, without Prejudice to the Rights of Common there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Metcalfe, of Abingdon, and Mr. George Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Uplambonnw thereunto lubscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common r Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture,

Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Uplam-bourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Persons interested, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Metcalfe, of Abingdon, and Mr. Charles Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fubforibed, being Journeymen Cotton Weavers pe"t;^ in the several Counties of Chester, York, Lane after, and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for settling Disputes that may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England, certain Powers and Authorities were given for the Purposes therein-mentioned, but the

I37

"Wethcnl

Inclosure

Petition.

Hurfi'y

Inclo'.ure

Petition.

Mnrelurn

incloliri*

Petition.

fame linve been found totally inadequale for the Purposes for which they Were intended, and considerable Doubts and Difficulties, and even Disputes, have arisen respeifting the Powers and Authorities thereby conferred: And therefore praying, That I-cave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given by the said Act, and for regulating and ascertaining, from Time to Time, the Price Yard or Piece to be paid for each particular Texture or Fabric, or Work to be performed by Workmen employed in the Cotton Manufacture in England, lb as that the same may be fair and adequate between Mailer and Workman, and uniformly observed throughout the Trade; or at lead for ascertaining the Prices per Yard or Piece to be paid, from Time to Time, for each particular Texture,- Fabric, or Work to be performed by Inch Workmen, lb as to prevent Disputes in regard to the lame, and those Vexations to which the Petitioners have been subject , or that the House will be pleased to give such Relief to the Petitioners,' or to do otherwise in the Premises, as to them shall leein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Joint Graham, Gentleman, John , John Graham of Wetheral, Jeremiah and Thomas

Watinop, and of several other Persons, Owners of Meffliages, I^ands, and Tenements, in Wether al, in the County of Cumberland, and entitled, in respect thereof, to a Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds in Wether al aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Srate, are incapable of Improvement -, but, if divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Persons intereded: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wallace and Mr. William Dutidas do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the Right honourable George Co.pel tiingsby Earl of Essex, Thomas Esquire,

Freeman, Esquire, Sir John Dutton Colt, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto lub-scribed. Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the Manor of lhirftey, in the Parish of Let ton, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Parish, a certain Tract of Open Common Land called Common,

and other Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and it w'ould be greatly for the Benefit of the Persons having any Intered therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted amongd them, according to their respective Rights and Intereds: And therefore praying, That Lease may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House llaall think proper.

Ordered, That I wave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Middleton Biddulphand Mr. Hobhouse do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Joseph Banks, K. B. Edmund Tumor, Inquire, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Fields, Commons, Fen and Waste Lands, in

Blareluimon the Hi'!, in the County of pre-

lected to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open Fields, Commons, Fen and Waste Lands, contain in the V. hole 1,200 Acres or thereabouts, which

VOL. 57.

are intermixed, and incapable of any material Improvement in their present State; and it would be of Advantage to all Parties concerned if the same were inclosed, and divided amongd the Persons intereded: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said lands and Grounds, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Kill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Worthing Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- ^oai!s Htn unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County ' p of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except with respeid to the Parish of West Tarring, mentioned in the said Petition, through which Parish, as it is now supposed, Part of the Road intended to be repaired runs, for about the Length of 750 Yards, which was not inserted in the Notices given, owing to the Petitioners not knowing that such Part of the said Road was situate in the

O.

laid Parish, it being conceived to be in one or other of the adjoining Parishes which were mentioned in the Notices; and that the said Piece of Road, being of fufneient Width, will only want repairing in common with the other Parts of the said Road intended to be repaired; and that it will not be necessary, nor is it intended, to take in, or make use of, any Part of the Lands adjoining the said Piece of lload for the Purpose of widening the fame); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Marshall being.examined, laid, That the Roads leading from the Village of Worthing, in the County of Sussex* through the Parishes of Broadwater and Weji Tarring, by Findon, Washington Hill, Ashington Common Dial-post, and from thence by Knep Castle and Bay bridge Lane to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinstead in the County of Sussex, are in a very bad Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Lord Car- Moulfoe rington, Lord of the Manor of Moulfoe, in the County of Buckingham, and Patron of the Advowrfon of the Redtory of the Parish Church of Moulfoe aforesaid, and Owner of the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Pari 111, wtis presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and othpr Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioner if the same were inclosed, and if all the Lands in the said Parish were discharged from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a' Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard, the Earl Temple, and Mr, Frankland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

N n A Petition

u,

t^reM Stangh-t* *u Road Petition.

Shitlington and Hotwell Inclosure Petition.

B.irkefw ell iitc lolure Bill, reported.

I 38 i§° Februarii. 1S02.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord John, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ERates, and Inhabitants respectively, within I he Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Buckingham, or fbme or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Roads at or near the Way Pod at the South End of Broton's Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, in or through the said Parish of Great Staughton, Little Staughton, and Pertenhall, in t he County of Bedford, Su'inifheadin the said County of Huntingdon, Rifely, Bletfoe, SharnOdell, and Harr old,

in the said County of Bedford, and Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham, to the Turnpike Road in the said

Parish of Lavendon, leading from the Town of Bedford towards Olney, in the said County of Buckingham, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually altered, repaired, W'idened, and rendered safe and commodious to PafTen-gers, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be advantageous -to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general, if the said Road was properly altered, repaired, and widened, and if necessary and convenient Tunnels were made upon the same Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. Oflorn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parishes of Shitlington and in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which are intermixed with each other, to a conffderable Extent, and great Part thereof lying in small Pieces, and incapable of any conffderable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors of such Lands and Grounds if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons intcrcfled: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-liiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Tyru'hittand Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Augustus William Shuck burgh Evelyn reported

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Warvj'uk, was committed; That the Committee had

not be met with; and that the Whole Property of Persons, having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, is rated to the Land Tax at £.340. 9;. 6 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had crone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

O D ' ,

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of James Edwards, of Pall Mall, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Beginning of the Year 1796, bought f.4,200 Three per Cent. Consolidated

Annuities in Subscription Receipts to the Loan of 1795, and duly made the Four first Payments thereon at the Bank to May20th, amounting to/1.1,108. i6j.; and,

in the Month of June 1796, the Petitioner, being in a weak State of Health, went to Italy for the Recover}' of the fame, leaving full Powers for transacting his Money Concerns with his Father, and leaving Directions, in Writing, to him, to make good the Four last Payments with certain Monies appropriated to that Purpose; but, from Defect of Memory, and nearly total Loss of Sight (his Father being of the advanced Age of 71) he totally forgot these Directions, and even bought similar Stock with the Money which was appropriated by the Petitioner to this specific Purpose, so that when the Petitioner returned to England in March 1797, he found the Accounts of the said Subscription of Three per Cent. Consolidated Annuities had been delivered to Government by the Bank (as directed by the Act for raising the said Sum) and these Receipts were Rated as loR; and that the Petitioner has at different Times made Application at the Bank, and at the Treasury, for Permission to make good the remaining Four Payments, and to receive the said Annuities so purchased by him, or to receive back the Sum of yf. 1,108. 16 s.lb paid by him, but was informed, that, although no Fraud or wilful Negligence can be imputed to him, he is precluded by the Words of the said Act from any Relief, lave what can be given to him by the House; and that the Petitioner having found that, in March 1787 and April 1795, upon similar Applications, where the Payments had been delayed, and the Advances had been declared forfeited, but without any Imputation of Fraud or wilful Negligence, the House had been pleased to grant Relief:. Therefore prays, That the House will take the Premises into Cnsideration, and will permit the Petitioner to make good his laR Payments, and to receive the Annuity lo purchased, or that they will give such Relief as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the I louse, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of ERates rated to the l^and Tax at £. 1 2.5 s. 11 d.\per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of ERates rated at £.42. 4 9

per Annum, who were neuter; and allb, the Owners of ERates rated at f.io. ns. 4 per Annum, wrho could

Sir George AugujlusIVUliam Shuckhtrgh Evelyn pre-

fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, apd enlarging the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the FirR, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurclt to Stonebridge, in the County of IVanvick: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message

Petition of Mr. Edward*

Dunchurch and Stonebridge. Road Kill, presented.

The Lords have passed Aiber's Nat. Bill.

Lbndon Coal Market Petition.

Abstract of Account of Thames Navigation, presented.

Accounts relative to the Income and Expenditure, See. of Great Britain, ordered.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled;

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, from the extensive Population of the Cities of London and Westminsterand Liberties thereof, and from the

Various Trades exercised, and different Manufactures carried on therein, great Quantities of Coals are daily Con-fumed, for the constant Supply of which, Ships frequenting the Port of London employed in the Coal Trade are very numerous; and that it is of the utmost Consequence to the very Existence of fevera1 of the said Trades and Manufactures, in which the Consumption of Fuel must of Necessity be very great, that such Fuel should be obtained at as reasonable a Hate as possible; and that it would tend greatly to reduce the present very high Price of Coals (by preventing, in a considerable Degree* illicit Practices and Combinations in the Coal Trade in the Port of London, having for their Object the railing of the Price to the Consumer) if a Market, under certain Rules and Restrictions, was established for the Sale of all Coals brought into the River 'Thames, by means of which the Quantity and Descriptions of Coals brought in each and every Vessel, and the Price at which the same were fold, might be generally known, and if certain other Regulations were made in the Vend of Coals brought into the Port of London: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Combe, Sir John William Anderson,&c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Allnut (from the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation) attended at the Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of an Account of all Money received and disbursed by the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, in the Year 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Reiources constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing England from Scotland; and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Grofe Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the same, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Grofe

Vol. 57.

Receipt on each Head respectively; — distinguishing affo, the Net Produce, the Rate per Centum for collecting the same, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce, on each Head respectively; — dil-tinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802, respectively, making Part of, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; — together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802, respectively, whether appropriated, or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service, between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1802, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on the 5th of January 1802, subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; — distinguishing the Income applicable to the paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793; and also, the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year; and, in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain existing before the Year 1793, and also of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year* taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they were or are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Officers of Excite in England, frorh the 5di of January 1774. so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names or such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity, they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so fer as the same can be made updistinguishing the

Names

A. 1802.

Names of such Dillrrbntors, and for what Counties they are or were employed, the Sums originally clue from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge ther -of.

O'tiered. That there, be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Dil-tributors of Stamps in Great Britain on the 10th of October i8ot and on the 51I1 of ''January 1802, refnee-tiveiv; — duunguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for what Counties, and the Amount of their respective Difourfements for Incidents, Poundage, and Parliamentary Allowances, or Discounts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Receivers General of the Land and Affiled Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, lb far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Receivers, the Names of such Receivers, and for whac Places they are or were Receivers, the Sums originally due, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge then of.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1S02, from the Officers of the Poll Office in Great Britain,. f rom tn - 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Dlt'clurge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy Poll Mailers in Great Britain on the 5th of July and the 10th of October 1801, and on the 5th of January 1802, respectively; — distinguishing their Names, and for what Places, and the Amount of their respective Dilburfcments and Allowances during the Quarters severally ending upon the 5th of July and the xoth of October 1801, and the 5th of January 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due to the Pcit .\I..for General of Great Britain from the Deputy Port Mailers in England, Scotland, Dublin, and the West

India; and ak'o of the Balances due from the Penny Poll Office, and from the Receiver General, upon the 5th cf January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802, re-lpechvely, or at the latest Annual Period to which the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the gth of January 1802, from the fevered Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Land Revenues of ilie Crown in rom the

5th of January 1774, lo far as the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed, the Balances due from them respectively upon the lull making up of their Accounts, and the Pci foils to which the same were computed, the Amount of their lbbleouent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Dilci arge of their laid Arrears and Balances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on ti e 5th of January 1802, from the levcrai Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Land Revenues or tee Crown in /Vales and the County cl Blonnuuth, from the 51la of January 1774, fa far as

the same can be made up; — distinguishing the late and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches or Dinricts they are or were employed, the Balances due iron! them respectively upon the Lift making up of their Accounts, anil the Periods to which the same were *

computed, the Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge of the said Arrears and Balances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army since the <;th of January 1793, whereon airy Balances appear to be now' owing to or from the Public; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Prog refs made upon their respective Accounts; together with the Time when they were respectively delivered in and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying also the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in £)if:harge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are Jdiil unpaid, so far as the same can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Officers and Departments whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for audiiing the Public Accounts; and also, of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested upon Account for Extraordinary Services; together with an Account of the Balances due to the Public upon the

« # I

Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Ounces of the late Auditors of the Imprest, and transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made f nee the same were so transferred; specifying the Nature of the last Proceeding had thereon previous to such Transfer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Accounts which were delivered over to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts by the late Auditors of the Imprest on which any Prog refs has been made in their Office since the 5th of Juy 1785; and also of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts since the 5th of July 1785, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing-to or from the Public upon any of such Accounts in either Lift; specifying tire Names and Services of the Accountants, and the dime of their respective

. , a,

Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account previous to the same being dated to the Treasury, and the Time when they were severally stated; the Balances due upon the several ' Accounts examined and stated; the Monies paid between the Stating and Declaration of such Accounts, the Time when they were declared, the Balances due upon such of those Accounts as have been Declared, the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are ftiil unpaid; 1b far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or from those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending

the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguilliing each Year; — and distinguishing the Value of imports from the East Indies and China iron the Value or all other'

Imports; and distinguishing the Value of Pro-

duce and Manufactures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; — together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value ot British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1S02.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered.

42 Geo. III. i8° Februarii. 141

registered, in the several Ports of the British Empire, Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great , between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January as the same flood on the ift of February 1802; distin-1802, or to the latest Period to which the same can be guishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, made up; together with an Account of the Number and in respect of what Sums raised or Bills funded, lb of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the far as the same can be ascertained; — distinguishing also Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navi- the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Capital gating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the the British Empire on the 30th of September in each Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Year respectively, during the Years above-mentioned; — Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Fund, by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of His present Plantations in America and the West Indies. Majesty, and the Annuity of 1 per Centum per Annum

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an upon Capitals created since the 5th of January 1793; — Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are reemployed in navigating the same (including their re- deemable or determinable.

peated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Out- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an wards in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to Account of the Progress made in the Redemption of the all Parts of the World, between the cth of January 1789 Public Funded Debt of Great Britain to the ift of and the 5th of January 1802diflinguishing each February 1802; distinguishing the Capitals of the Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, several Funds existing prior to the 5th of January 1793 and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, from those created since that Period, and specifying as to or to which they were bound; — and distinguishing Great the Debt prior to the 5th of January 1793, how much Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America thereof- has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the and the West Indies. Reduction of the National Debt since the ift of July

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 1786, and at what Average Price of the Stocks, and for Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now annually the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain on the 5th applicable to the Reduction thereof; with the like Par-Day of January 1801, together with the Monies paid into ticulars as to the Debt created since the 5th of January the same during the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1793; and specifying also the Amount of the Capital 1802, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the said Debt provided for'by the Government of of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Ireland-, — the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Commissioners by reason of Land Tax redeemed prior Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not to the said ill of February 1802; and what further An-redeemed during the said Year, have been actually nuities will fall in and become applicable to the Reduc-applied; — distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums tion of the National Debt

applied to the following Heads of Service; — ift. The Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Account of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain, and Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its the Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1802, Reduction, the' usual Grant for the same Purpose, and under the Heads of, Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Bar-Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — 2dly, The racks. Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly, The Civil List; — other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame; 4thly, The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, distinguishing under each Head respectively the Particu-specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of lars of which such Debts or Demands consisted, and also Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then pro-Bounties; — 5thly, The Civil Government of Scotland; vided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof — 6thly, The other Payments in Anticipation of the was then unprovided for.

Exchequer Receipt, specifying the Amount of those in- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an curred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and-Deserters Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies which. Warrants; — *7thly, The Navy, specifying the Amount would have been applicable to the Expectces of His of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Majesty's Civil Government in England, if the Hereditary Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions, for Dock Yards, Building late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, of Ships, Stores, Pilotages and Contingencies, for the from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January Marines, for the Victualling, for the Sick and Wounded, 1802, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing for Transports, and for Prisoners of War in Health; — each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Sthly, The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained; shewing paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His Ma-9thly, The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies jesty during the same Period, in Lieu of those Revenues; paid on Account of the Ordinary Services,; videlicet, for and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament, Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil Corps, for Barracks, for Staff Officers, and Officers of Lift Debts; and the Difference to the Public upon the Garrison, for Half Pay, for Widow's Pensions, for CheljeaBalance of the said Account. Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for Exchequer Fees, and for pay of Public Offices , specifying also, the Amount Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Army, and the principal Articles thereof; — iothly, Reiources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries, from the ill of January 1801 to the 5th of January specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively; 1802; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the

— nthly, Miscellaneous Services, specifying the Amount Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum for of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the respectively; — and, lastly, specifying the Amount of Payments out of the Gross Receipt; — distinguishing also any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per any) not herein before enumerated; distinguishing the Centum (or collecting the same, and the Nature and separate Expences of and for Great Britain from those Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; dif-which belong to it with Ireland. tinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the Von. 57. Oo several

Accounts relative to the Income and Expenditure, Arc. of Ireland, ordered.

*42 18° FebruaftL A. 1802.

several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of Funds for Purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament

'January 1801 and 1802 respectively, applicable to, or prior to the Union; — 4-thly, Issues from Appropriated arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together Funds for Local Purposes; — 5thly, Civil List Pensions with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Ex- and other Permanent Charges; — 6thly, Payments in An-chequer on the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802 re- ticipation of Exchequer Receipts; — 7thly. Manning the fpcdively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and Fleets; — 8thly, The Ordnance; — 9thly, The Army, the Amount of the Exchequer Bills iil'ued for the Public specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not re- the Ordinary Services,; For Regulars, Fencibles,

deemed within that Period. Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps, for Barracks,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Pay of Public Offices;

Year ended the 5th of January 1802; ard also, of the specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extra-actual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of ordinary Service of the Army; — iothly, Miscellaneous the Total Charge thereon, in respect of the said Year; Services} and lastly, specifying the Amount of any specifying also, the Surplus (if any) of the said Consoli- Public Money applied to any other Public Services dated Fund. (if any) not herein before enumerated; distinguishing

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the separate Expences of and for Ireland from thofo Account of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of which belong to it with Great Britain.

January 1 802, from the several Collators of tire Customs Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and Excite employed in the Collection of the Public Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the Revenue of Ireland, now deceased, or out of their re- same flood on 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Ijtective Offices; — distinguishing their Names; the Sums Years in which each Part thereof was created; distin-originally due, and at what Time; their subsequent Pay- guishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted; ments in Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them re- Annual Interest and Annuities; and the several Portions IpcCtively. thereof payable in London and Dublin respectively; the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Charge of Management, and the Annual Charge for the Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports Reduction of the said Debt.

from Ireland, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an January 1802; — distinguishing each Year; and distin- Account of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and De-guishing the Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures mands outstanding on 5th January 1802, under the exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Lot-together with the Difference between the Official Value tery Prizes; — distinguishing under each Head respectand the Declared Value of Irish Produce and Manufac- lively the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand tures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January confided; and also what Part of the said Debts 1802. and Demands was then provided for, and in what

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Manner; and what Part thereof was then unprovided Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount for.

of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and Ordered, That there be laid before'this House, an registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1802. of the Year 1801 in and for Ireland, have been disposed

Ordered, That- there be laid before this House, an of; distinguished under the several Heads.

Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys The Bill (now ingrafted) for raising the Sum of Two Exchequer, usually employed in navigating the lame, which be- Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or longed to the several Ports of 'eland on the 30th of Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom,

September in each Year respectively, during the Years for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two,

1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793» 1794. *795> 1796, was (according to Order) read the Third Time.

1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801; distinguishing Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ireland and the British Plantations in America and the be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by West Indies. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount Two.

of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys Ordered, That; Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill 'employed in navigating the same (including their re- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, peated V oyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee Report Ex-Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near Pin*>g Eaw«. and the 5th of January 1802, distinguishing each Year; expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to and distinguishing Irish tram Foreign Vessels, and the Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived.

Countries tram whence the said Vessels arrived, or to continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had which they were bound; and distinguishing Ireland and made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other the British Plantations in America and the IVJl Indies. Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland on the 5th Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as fol-January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the loweth; viz.

lame during the Year ending 5th January 1802, and the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Re- Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a ccipt, have been actually applied; — distinguishing the Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages,

Heads ot Service; — lit, Interest on the Public Funded which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the ill Debt, together with the Charges of Management, and Day of April 1779, and which, by several subsequent the Sums applicable to its Reduction2dly, The In- Acts, was further continued until the 5th Day of July retell in Exchequer Bills; — 3dly, Ilfues from Local 1801, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef- fi Oil

42 Geo. III. 18° Eebruarii.

Con of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 17 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, to " far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon " the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and " for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement " in the Duties in Lieu thereof, and for explaining the rt laid Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage " on other Goods, and to permit the Exportation of " Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the " Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a " limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much of an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " giving further Encouragement for the Importation of " Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein part icularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which by several subsequent Acts was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1802, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That an Act, made in the 38 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement " of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the " present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty - " additional Duties thereon," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That fe> much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until the First " Day of AugustOne thousand Eight hundred and Two,

" the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland " and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty

" thereon," as relates to the permitting-the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,- intituled, "An Act for allowing, for a " limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India " and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the " exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships " not of British-built, nor registered as such, and for the

" Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same " Ships, under certain Restrictions," which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the present War, and for Eighteen Months after the Conclusion thereof, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reviving, continuing until the " Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, and amending an Act, made in the Thirtyninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar " and Cofee exported, granted by an Act, passed in the

Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, for

VOL. 57.

" allowing British Plantation Sugar to be' warehoused; for " reviving so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating " the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof,

" and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported,

" until the Tenth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and One," is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opihion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried " on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streighis," which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786; And also, so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating " the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale " Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798, and which were, by several subsequent Acts, further continued until the 2 5th Day of December 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The laid Refblutions being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill refyefting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was £££j^cfaa referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the ordered.

37 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of

" Amity', Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," as relates to Duties imposed on the Tonnage of American Ships, and on Goods imported in American Ships; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing Duties granted by the said Act to cease, or be suspended, under certain Circumstances.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing Duties granted by the said Act to cease, or be suspended, under certain Circumstances:

And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, Veli:^s.enUl. which have entered Inwards from the United States of Tndc with" America, from the 5th Day of July 1799 to the 5th America, Day of July 1801; also, for the Three Years preceding ordered* the 5th Day of January 1793; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and also distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, which have cleared out from Great Britain to the U nited States of America, from the 5th Day of July 1799 to the 5th Day of July 1801; also for the Three Years preceding the 5th Day of January 1793; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels j and also distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

Leeds and Otley Road Petition, reported.

Artum Bryan

Inclosure

Petition.

h-irvm 1 nclo'tjre fVI It lull.

144 19°

Fenerisy 190 diFebruarii;

Anno 42 Georgii III*1* Regis, i 8 o

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for the Care of the District: of Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Leeds to the Town of , in the West Riding of the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the District of Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read: — And,

Mr. Thomas Everard Upton being examined, laid, That, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid District of Road from Leeds to Otley, several Sums of Money hive been borrowed, which still remain due on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to arise on the said District of Road. — And the Witness added. That the said District of Road cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to arile thereon, be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the 21st Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be continued, and some further and other Powers granted, and the present Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, lo far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of And that Mr.

IV'tlberforceand Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Stephen Croft, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Asham Bryan, in the County of the City of York, for and on the Behalf of himself, and other Proprietors of lands in the Manor and Parish of AJkam Bryan aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said Manor and Parish, divers Open and uninclosed Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any great Improvement; but might be considerably improved if inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for making a Compenfetion in Lieu of the Tythes in Kind arising within the said Manor and Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates in the Parish of Burton Agnes, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable lamds, and Vv'afte Grounds, containing in the 8

Februarii. A. 1802.

Whole, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres or thereabouts, which lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; but, if divided and allotted unto and amongst the Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, W'hole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts herein after-mentioned, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnfey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for 200 Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County; and another Act was passed, in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which is still due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in Keyingham in Holderness, in the County of York, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Township and Parish there are certain Open Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, called Field,

The West Field, and Kirncroft, The lugs. The Sallmarsh and The Cars, containing together, by Estimation, 1,350 Acres or thereabouts, and also certain Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, which lie infermixid, and dispersed in Imall Parcels, and, in their present State, are capable of no Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for making a Commutation or Satisfaction for the Tythes thereof, and also of the ancient Inclosures.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcc/les do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingslon-upon-Hu/l,was presented to the House, and read;

Setting

Bam (ley Road Petition.

Keyingham

Inclosure

Petition,

Derwent

Bridge

Petition.

Sneaton

Inclosure Bill.

committed.

Kent St^et Roads Bill, presented.

Pitney Lort ie Inclosure Bill, reported.

42 Geo. III.

Setting forth. That the River Derwent at Lcftfome divides the Parishes of IVreJJ'el and in the East

Riding of the County of York, where is the direct Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Leeds, 1'wo large

and populous Towns, and Places of considerable Trade and Manufacture, the former being also a great Sea Port, and also the direct Road from to Two large

Market Towns, to and from which latter Places the Post travels twice every Day; and that the Ferry over the River at Loftfome is nearly central between the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull and Leeds, much frequented by Pafi fengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only direct Way for the Inhabitants of severalof the adjacent Villages to pals to gntl from their Markets; and that the Passage over the Ferry at Loftfome, and every other Ferry upon the said River, is at all Times attended with Delay, in fbme Seasons dangerous, and at others impafiable; and, if a Bridge were erected at or near the Ferry over the River Derwent at Loftfome, the same would be of great public Utility, and of essential Benefit and Service to the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Derwent at Loftfome, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry

Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Walk Lands within the Parish of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Knatchbull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 2 lit Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for incieafing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in Lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-Wa in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and other Roads therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the

Vox.. 57.

*45

Parish of Pitney, othetwile Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens " commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old " Rivers or Drains called Stoke River and Brandon River, " and a. certain Level or District called Feltwe/l New " District, and the Hard Lands of " and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waft* Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and Geldeftone, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Act?, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for antending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended in the Execution of the said Act; and that the Money fb borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly

P p maintained,

190 Februarii.

Bedford Level (Second District) Drainage Bill, presented.

Ellingham, See. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Chester and Whitchurch Roads Bill, (FirstDiftrift) presented.

Wrexham and Barnhill RoadPetition.

i4<5 19° Februani. 180a.

maintained, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls incrcal'ed; and that Part of the present Road lying between the Town of Wrexham and the Borough of Holt, in the County of Denbigh, being very founderous, and, owing to the Difiance from Gravel and other Materials, is a continued and heavy Expence to the Trail, it would tend much to the Advantage of the Road, and to the Convenience of the Public, if a Diversion was made from a certain Place called on the same Road,

through the Parish of Gresford, to the Borough of Holt aforesaid, the same intended Diversion increasing very little, it any, the Distance between the aforesaid Places and the Line of Road passing near to Gravel and other Materials: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, and to make such Diversion of Road as aforesaid, in Rich Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall a{>pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Southampton A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the

PoliceUf and ^'own Southampton, in Common Council assembled,

Petition. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Southampton is a very ancient one, from which, of late Years, a considerable Trade and Commerce has been carried on to Foreign Parts as well as Coallwile, and from the Situation of which, and other concurring Circumstances, is capable of being greatly improved, and rendered very commodious, by a Bason and Wet Docks being conftrafted, capable of receiving and harbouring a considerable Number of Ships, much larger than can now lie with Safety at the Quays to be laden or unladen, which would tend to the Increase of Navigation, and Improvement of Trade, within the said Town and Port, and eventually increase the Commerce and Navigation of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are entitled, by virtue of several Charters, to certain exclusive Privileges, and also to divers Customs, Duties, and Payments, from all Persons trading to or from the said Port, which Payments will not be sufficient to carry the intended Plans into Execution; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to give up such exclusive Rights, as well as that the present Wharfage Dues payable to them should be regulated, and that a new Book of Rates should be made, to establish the Harbour Dues to be paid by them in their private Capacities, as well as by all other Persons trading to or from the said Port, for the Purpose of carrying Rich Improvements and Alterations into Execution; and that the Petitioners, as well as the Provost and Scholars of the Queen sCollege in the University of Oxford, Warden of the Hospital of God's Hoitfe in the Town of Southampton, the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Mary College, Winchester, near Winchester, and the lteftors or Vicars of the several Parishes of Holy Rhood, Saint Michael, Saint John, and Saint Lawrence, in the said Town of Southamp-

ton, are l'cifed in Fee of various Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Lands, lying within the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, much and very inconveniently intcitnixed, from which considerable Difficulty has frequently arisen; the mutual Exchange of which laid Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Lands, if legally permitted, would conduce to the Avoidance of such Difficulties in future, and greatly tend to the Improvement of the said Town, as well as to the Convenience and Benefit of the said Provost and Scholars, Warden and Scholars Clerks, Rectors or Vicars, the Petitioners, and their several Leffecs, without 3

Prejudice to others; and that within the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, from the Populousness thereof, and the great Resort to the said Town for Sea Bathing and drinking the Waters, are now, and for some Years past have been, kept many Sedan Chairs for Hire, used by Persons totally unrestrained, and without Regulation, by Realbn of the Non-existence of a Law for that Purpose, and for Want of which much Inconvenience and Abuse has arisen, and been frequently pracliled, in respect of such Chairs, by the Persons fouling them for Hire: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs_, now payable to the Corporation, and for improving the Trade, and encouraging the Navigation of the Port of

Southampton, and for making a convenient Dock or Bason for the Security of all Ships there, and for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making other Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for regulating the present Wharf-age payable to the Corporation, and imposing certain Duties for carrying into Execution the said Purposes; and for enabling the Petitioners, and the said Provost and Scholars, Warden and Scholars Clerks,

Rectors and Vicars, to make exchange of all or any of their said Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards,

Gardens, and Lands, so lying intermixed as aforesaid, in such Manner as may be mutually agreed on between them for that Purpose; and for enabling the Magistrates of the said Town to establish, licence, and regulate Hackney Coaches, used and employed for Hire within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, and also to licence and regulate all Chairs and Chairmen used and employed for Hire within the same Town and Liberties, and for otherwise improving the said Town, in Rich Manner, and under such Regulations, Stipulations, and Conditions, as to the House (Kail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. George Henry Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Finford larging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Bridge and 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ^ilf, the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His pre- committed, font Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, Barkefwetl the Common and Waste Ground within the Manor and ®|U'

Parish of Barkeswell, in the County of Warwick, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,' An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augitfus William Shuckburgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are fretitianof thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City of Rochester, inhabitants of in the County of Kent, and the Neighbourhood thereof, ^nftftRo-was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of chester Bridge

the

Itchin

Nttvijatio

Petition,

reported.

42 Geo. III. 19 Februarii 147

the Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of Rochester, in the County of Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose; and Setting forth, That the Funds already possessed by the said Wardens and Commonalty, together with the Powers vested in them to levy Money on certain Lands for repairing and Support of the said Bridge, and to distrain for the same in case of Refusal, are fully sufficient, if they have been regularly administered, and are now carefully applied, to enable the said Wardens and Commonalty to defray the Debts already incurred, and the Expence of repairing and completing the fame, and to maintain the said Bridge after such Completion; and that there are now Three Toll Gates within a very short Distance of each other, one at Strood, one on the New Road, and one at

and this Multiplicity of Tolls within lo small a Distance is a Deviation from the common Rule, and a heavy Burthen on the Petitioners; and the additional Toll proposed to be laid by this Bill will add greatly to the Grievance they now labour under: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, If they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said petition.

Mr. Sturges reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of George Hollis, of the City of fVinchester, Gentleman, and Harry Baker, of Pall Mall, IV Linen Draper, foie Proprietors of the River alias

Itching, running from Blackbridge, near the City of chester, in the County of Southampton, to the Sea at Northam, near Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 16th and 17 th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making the said River navigable; and allb Two other Acts, passed in the 17th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to alter and amend the said Act, were read: — And,

Mr. Alexander Westlake. Clerk and Agent to the Petitioners, being examined, laid, That the Petitioners are the lole Proprietors of the said River, which is navigated on very different Principles to almost any other in the Kingdom, the Proprietors being obliged, by the Acts that have regulated the Navigation thereof, to provide Barges, and maintain Horses, Labourers, and Drivers, for conveying Goods on the said River, at certain Rates, for the whole Length of the Navigation: That if every Person that thought proper was permitted to navigate on the said River, paying Rates of Tonnage, it would produce Competition, and the City of PVinchester, and Places adjacent, would be supplied with Coals and other Commodities at a much cheaper Rate than they are, or can be, under the present System: — Then,

Mr. Edward Pyott ll'ijllake being examined, confirmed the above Evidence. — And,

Mr. Alexander Westlake, being again examined, produced to Your Committee, an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the said Proprietors for the Three last Years; by which it appeared that they had received the Sum of £.6,929. is. 3d. and had expended Vol. 57.

£.6,968. i8r. o,\d. being a Lois of £.39. 16 in that Period. — Then, the Conveyance of the said River to the Petitioners was produced to Your Committee; by which it appeared, that they had paid a large Sum of Money for the Purchase thereof, besides being engaged for the Payment of a considerable Sum of Money charged on the said Navigation. — And the Witness, being further examined, said, That the River was in a very bad State when purchased by the present Proprietors, the Locks and Banks being very much out of Repair: That it will require at leall £. 2,coo to put them into a complete State of Reparation, which, with the Purchase Money, Charges on the Navigation, and Money already expended by the Proprietors, make a Capital of more than £. 20,000; and he conceives it to be impossible for the Proprietors to derive any Advantage from the River under the present System. — And the Witness added, That a Canal is now making from the said River to Southampton, which, it is expected, will

be completed in the Course of the present Year, on which Goods are to be conveyed on paying a Tonnage Duty, and if the like Mode was to be adopted on the River Itchin, the same Method of charging for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize w'ould operate the whole Way from Southampton to much to

the Convenience of Persons trading to and from those Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Sturges, Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, Sir Richard Gamon, and Mr. Newbolt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Estates in the Parishes of Great Comberton and Little Comberton, and the Hamlet of Pensham, in the

Parish of Saint Andrew Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes and Hamlet, several Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, if divided and allotted untoand amongst the Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would #be rendered of much greater Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Webb, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Oakfey, in the County of Wilts, and the moll considerable Proprietor of the Rights of Common extending over a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Oakfey Common, situate within or belonging to the said Manor, being seised of the Whole, except Rights of Common for Three Bealls or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Tract of Common or Waste Land contains 96 Acres or thereabouts, and is, in its present Situation, very unprodu&ive; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, amongst the Persons interested, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Tract of Common or Waste Land, under such Regulations as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

Comberton and Peniham Inclosure Petition.

Oakfey

Inploiure

Petition

Donington Inclufure Bill| committed.

Addington

Inclosure

Petition.

Kettering Road Petition*

Knotting Road Petition;

19° Februarii. A. 1802.

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Penrnddocke and Mr.

Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Donington, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevrs, Mr. Charles Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the Open and Common Fields of Great Addington and Addington, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are l'eifed or possessed of several Lands and Estates within the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the said Manors and Parishes, which lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed over the Whole of the said several Parishes in linall Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, they would be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 13th and 21st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in the County of

Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by, or in pursuar.ee of, the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and in carrying the other Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, and in so doing, have expended a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, with an Arrear of Interest, Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the Iloul'e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two

several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wejiwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufhden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge to the Turnpike Road in Barton Lane,

in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and in carrying the other Purposes of the said Acts into Execution and, in so doing, have expended a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, with an Arrear of Interest, still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickins, Mr. Cartwright,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord North- Harrow wick, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, ^ofure whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners e lon* of Estates in the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, containing in the Whole, by Efti-mation, 5,00® Acres or thereabouts; and, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Weston and and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Sutton Baffett other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, committed.' Townships, or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland, and Sutton Baffett, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Albert Nat. for naturalizing Johann Henrick Albers, was read the First Blli* rcai' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Fort Ma-iho-authorize the East India Company to make their Settle- ^iiif ment at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George: And that Mr. William

Dundas,

42 Geo. III. 190 FebruariL 149

Spdfbuiy

Inclosure

Petition,

reported*

Comnfittee on certain Expiring laws*

Petition of Mr. Edwards, referred to a Committee.

Dundas, Mr. Bragge> , Mr. Nicholas Vanfittarty and Mr. Wallace, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the" several Persons, whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Spin the County of

Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and

upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said

Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined,

and found that the Notices required by the Standing

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to

apply for any Bill of Inclosure of the said Commons

and Waste Grounds until the Time for giving Notices,

agreeably to the said Standing Orders, was elapsed; and

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is

as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are'fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Petition of James Edwards, of Pall Mall, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of

hancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account, Sec. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the the House, by His Majesty's Command, presented.' -An Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government for Five Years, from the 5th January 1791 to the 5th January 1796, as near as the same can be ascertained: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Occasional Payments out of " Civil List Revenues, from the Year ending 5th " January 17S7 to the Year ending 5th January 1802." And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper be referred to the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Vox,. 57.

(by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty's Civil List.

The said Account and Paper are inserted in the Appendix, Appendix to this Volume. (No. 24.)

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- Bill respect-cording to Order, a Bill to empower His Majesty, for »"g American a Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing presented!, Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of ," to cease or

be fofpended, under certain Circumstances; And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Quantity and Value, Official and Real, of Cinnamon and Cassia Lignea, imported into, and and 'exported, exported from, Great Britain, in Three Years, ending ordered, the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cassia Lignea, and on Hides and Skins, imported into Great Britain, in the Three Years ending the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Grols Amount of the Duty on Paper, Duties on Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for the Three Quarters ordered. °* of the Year ending 5th April 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols Amount of the Duty on Crown Single, Crown Inferior, Double Demy, Royal, Royal Inferior, Medium, Demy Single, and Demy Inferior distinguishing the Number of Bundles of each, and Duty per Bundle, for the Three Quarters of a Year ending 5th April 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols Amount of the Duty on Paper,

Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for the Year ending 5th July 1796 down to the Quarter ending 5th April 1801 inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Groft Amount of the Duty on Paper,

Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending 3th January 1802.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the petition of Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and con- Merchants of nested with, the Wands of Grenada and Vincent, referred^to^' which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, Committee, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Luj Sir William Young, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Turkey chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Q <1 Setting

‘ ^.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

S-ipply,

ddcncd.

W:ttenJ«erg

lv\orn.

F^' :ct.! ind J-'d >lure Bill

cummltted.

19® — 22® Februarii.

15°

Setting fortl), That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Dominions, it has

been found necessary that an Ambassador or Public Mini (ter should be lent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, with proper Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence of which has been borne by the Company, which, together with other Expences incident to carrying on the Trade, have of late Years amounted to about 80,000 per Annum; and that the Petitioners feel it incumbent on them to represent that the House, which has always been appropriated for the Reception of His Majesty's Ambassador at the Porte, is fallen to Decay, and it will be necessary to cause a new one to be built, in case it should be thought expedient to provide*a permanent Residence for a Public Officer of so much Consequence, a Measure which muffc be left to the Wisdom of Parliament, and, if adopted, will necessarily be attended with considerable Expence; that, in Addition to the ordi-naiy (landing Expences of the Company, the Petitioners are likely to be put to a heavy Charge in re-building the Consulary House at Smyrna, destroyed by the melancholy Fire which happened in the Year 1797, in consequence of a popular Tumult; and that the Petitioners acknowledge with Gratitude the Grants they have frequently received from Parliament; but they are fenlible they should not discharge the Duty imposed on them by their Charter, nor the Justice which they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not declare their present Inability to defray so heavy a Charge, and to support their Establishments in Turkey, without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necclfaty and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/vcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rel'oive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,220 die Februarii;

Anno 42° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

ALBERT Wittenberg took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of in the

Parish of Buck/and, in the County of Berks, was read a

Second Time.

A. 1802.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Dundas, Mr. George Vansittart,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are West Callow thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of potion.* Estates in the Manor and Hamlet of West in

the Parish of Letccmb Regis, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there arse, within the said Manor and Hamlet, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, great Advantage would be derived to the Persons interested; and that the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, have not been given, the Petitioners not having been duly prepared to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds until the Month of lad; and that it will be attended with great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in this present Session: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds; and that Leave may be given to give the Notices in the present Month of February and in the Month of March next, or either of them, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a. Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, General Lenox, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Lord Granville LevefonGozver reported from the Trent Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Navigation Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the sported, Mersey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Railways and Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the find Petition, an Act, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trait, at or near IVildenFerry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, was read: — And,

Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said Act, and of Two other Acts, passed in the 10th and 16th Years of His present Majesty, the said Canal hath been completed; and by virtue of Two other Acts, passed in the 16th and 37th Years of the present lleign, the said Company have also made and completed a Navigable Canal from the lirft-mentioned Canal on the South Side of to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon; and also an Extension of the same Canal from Endonto Leek, in the County of Stafford, with a Re-

fervoir for supplying the said Canals with Water.

It further appeared by another Act, passed in the 37th Year of the present Reign, that the said Company were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the said Canal at Froghall to or near Uttoxeter, in the said County of Stafford. — And,

' Mr.

42 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

*5i

Mr. William Cross being examined, said. That by Uttoxeter and at a Place called

Survejs lately made, it appears that the said Railway The Old Leek Road Lane, to the Village of is capable of great Improvement, by a Change of its through certain Lands in the several Panlhcs of Course and Construction; and also, that a thort Variation , and Stoke-upon-Trent, in

in a Part of the said Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, the said County of Stafford, containing, in Length, 36a near to Alveton Mill, in the Parish of Alveton, will Roods: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

contribute to the Improvement of the said Canal. — And he further laid. That by Surveys also lately made, it appears that Railways may be extended from the said Trent and Mersey Canal to Lane End, Hanley, and Burslem, which will be of great Advantage to the extensive Manufactories established at those Places, and of public Utility. — Then,

Uttoxeter and }kwcalMe Roads Petition,

given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, with such Powers, and under and subject to such Provisoes, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it Mr. Sparrow being examined, said, That the said shall appear to them, to the House:

Acts require some further Alterations and Amend- And it is referred to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, ments. Sir Edzv Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet To-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Railways, to and Records.

alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon,

and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, Alrewas Uttoxeter, and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste corn^tted.* Acts: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Alrewas, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second

Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gran-Execution Three several Acts, for repairing and widen- ville Leveson Gozver, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they ing the Road from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the of Newcastle, in the County of Stafford, and from Cliffe Speaker's Chamber.

Bank to Snape Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, and also from Lower Lane to Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the Member Hem heath, in the same County, was prelen ted to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, added to House,. and read; Setting forth, That an Act was a Bill for more elseClually amending, widening, and keep- Northampton palfed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, ing in Repair, the Roads leading from' the Town of and Market for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Noads^uf.1' Derby to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyne, in the Harborough, and from the Direction Poll in Kingsthorpe,

County of Stafford, which Road was by the said Act in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge, in the divided into Two Distriets, and the Road leading from laid County. the Town of Uttoxeter to the said Town of Nezvcaflle,

is therein called The Second District of the said Roads; Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, ac-; Pakenham and that another Act was pafl'ed, in the 3d Year of cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- inclosure Bill, His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the closing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas Prelented* Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste and widening the Road from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, Grounds, within the Parish of Pakenham, in the County in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford-, of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First and that another Act was palfed, in the 18th Year of Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Reign of His present Majesty, to empower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to New-castle-v.nder-Lyne, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hemheath-, and that the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, for the said

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Falmouth and Execution an Act, made in the lit Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County

Second District, have made great Progress in the Exe- of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helflon, and

cution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Roads in the said Second District, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the respective Terms comprized in the several Acts be continued, and the Exemptions for Payment of Tolls, at certain Gates therein deleribed, called The Spark and Lane End Gates, be taken off, and the said Toll Gate at Lane End be removed, and new Powers given to the Trustees, and those given them by the former Acts be altered and enlarged, to far as the tame relate to the said Roads , called The Second District, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hemheath

aforesaid; and that the Road leading from Net v

under-Lyne to Shelton, in the County of Stafford, is, in its present State, very circuitous, dangerous, and inconvenient to Travellers, and the same cannot be shortened, amended, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a much thorter, and more

convenient Way, may be made from Newcastle-under-

Lyne aforesaid from the said Turnpike Road between have Power to fend for Persons Papers VoL. 57.

Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge; and also another Act, made in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpol'es aforesaid, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: An(l that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Inal I appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Willia Mr. Gregor,

See.: And they are to nicer Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

and Records.

v:.

Wilmslow Bridge and Congleton Raui Bill, presented.

fforftwm Road Petitioni reported.

West Horllejr Inclosure Bill, presented.

Fulbroolc

Inclosure

Petition.

152

22" Februarii.

A. 1802.

Mr. Crewe preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bin in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderley and the Town

of Congleton, to or near The Red Bull, in Church

in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to ' whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for‘executing Two Acts, parted as thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ofders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Hor-sham, in the County of Sussex, through Mickle ham, and Leather headto the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of , and from to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; also an Act, passed in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, were read. — And,

Mr. Thomas Hart being examined, laid. That the Truf-tecs, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and Ibme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it is necessary the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts should be repealed, and other Tolls granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 28 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from llorsham, in the County of through Capell,

Dorking, Miekleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch

House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And that Sir John Frederick and Lx>rd William RuJJelldo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House,' according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open, Common, Arable Field/ Commons, and Waste Hands, within the Parish and Manor of West Horsley, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Rights of Common, and other Properties, in and over the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Hamlet of Ful-brook, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

4

That the said Lands and Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, great Advantage would be derived to the Persons intefefted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Report on Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Spelfoury Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- p^idlmT unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates re-committed, in the Parish of Spelfbury, in the County of Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stowe, &c. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and p"‘jffinrc others. Freeholders and Copyholders, having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures,

Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton, Normanby, and Branfby, and in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds contain together, by Estimation,

2,000 Acres or thereabouts, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were effectually inclosed, divided, allotted, and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, the said Lands and Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for the several Tythes arising. within the said Township, Hamlets, and Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jodrell and Mr. El/ifon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto Wrangle subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners lndpfure and and Proprietors of Estates, within the Parish of Wrangle, potion! in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are divers Open Fields, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the said Parish, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and it would be very beneficial to the Persons intcrelled, if the same were divided, and allotted in Severalty unto and amongst them, the Marsh and other Lands embanked, and the Whole more effectually drained, and exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. El/ifon, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petitioa

42 Geo. III.

Boston Bridge A Petition of the Mayors Aldermen, and Common Petition&C‘ Councilmen, of the Borough of , in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bridge over the River Wit ham, in the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, is much too narrow, and at present in a Very decayed and ruinous State, and is become inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers, Carriages, and Cattle, passing the lame, and therefore it is necessary to take down and re-build the lame, and also to widen, raise, and render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto, and to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose; and that the Situation of the present Bridge is very inconvenient and incommodious, and therefore it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Borough, if the intended Bridge was made and erected in a more proper and convenient Situation very near the present Bridge, and in such

same it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings; and that the Gaol and House of Correction of the said Borough is at present in a very decayed and ruinous State, and, by Ileafon of the confined Situation thereof, and for want of a free Circulation of Air, the same is become very unhealthy and dangerous to the Lives of the Persons confined therein* and it is highly necessary that the said Gaol and House of Correction should be enlarged, and a proper and suitable Prison Yard added thereto, and for that Purpose it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings; and that the Market Cross of the said Borough, and several of the Rooms over the fame, which are appropriated for the Transaction of Public Business within the said Borough, are too small, and at present very inconvenient and incommodious, and it is become necessary that the said Market Cross and Rooms should be enlarged and made more convenient to Persons relbrting thereto, or having Occasion to use the same; and that it would be highly beneficial to the Town and Neighbourhood of the said Borough, if Powers were vested in the Petitioners for the better Regulation of the Fairs* Marts, and Markets, held within the said Borough; and that the said Borough is much in want of fresh Water, and it would be of great Advantage to the said Borough, if Powers were given to the Petitioners for the supplying the Town therewith: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerai ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Ellison, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dunchutch A Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the and Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the ioth Year Road Billf* of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First,

committed, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the icth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebr in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augift us William Shuck burgh Evelyn, Sir John &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Canterbury Sir Edward Knotchbtill reported from the Committee,

gjy to whom the Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and reported. improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in thle Vol. 57.

*53

County of Kent, and for suspending and varying, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Read leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of fhanet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkVTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, exchanging, allotting* Pitney iortlr, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and p^^urcBl!1> Fields within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney Lortiey in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Refohedy That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney otherwise Pitney Lortiey in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. french presented to the House, according to Galway Gioi Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol for the County of Present~ Gaiway, and for purchasing Land fuiikient for the fame, c # and for other Purposes relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Durham and an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road Bridges Peat Buckton Burn, in' the County of Durham^ through tltiou* Berwick-upon-fzvetdy to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of jBerwick; and a!so an Act, made in the 29th Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned; that, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts, they have borrowed several Sums, amounting in the Whole to nearly £.8,000, which has been duly applied to the Purposes of the Roads under the Management of the Petitioners; that the said principal Sums so borrowed are still due and unpaid; that the several Terms granted by the said Two Acts, and the additional Term granted by the General Turnpike Act, made in the 28th Year of his late Majesty, are nearly expiring; that unless the Terms ;tnd Powers of the said Two Acts are altered and enlarged, and the Tolls collected by virtue thereof augmented, the several Sums now owing cannot

o # o

be repaid, nor the Roads be effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair; that the Communication between the Country on the South and North Sides of the River fiveed is at present inconvenient and dangerous, from the want of a Bridge or Bridges over the said River in some intermediate Situation or Situations thereon, at or neat the Town of Norkamy in the said County of Durham, to the Parish of Lady Kirk, in the County of Berwick, and the other from the said Parish of Nor ham, at or near a Ford or Place called Nezv Water

R r Ford %

22° Febfu.

Dum fries Road and Bridge, Petition.

Deeind Don

Fisheries

Petition.

f54

22° Febfuarii. 1802.

Ford, to the Parish of Hutton, in the said County of Berwick, and for making proper Roads thereto respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Powers and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Callander, Mr. ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Shaker's Chamber; and have Power to'fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names ir6 thereto subscribed, residing within the County of Dumfries, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Turnpike Road has beeri , made from or near Elvanfoot, in the County of to or near Beattock, in the Parish of and County of Dumfries; and that a Continuation of the said Road, to commence at or near Beattock aforesaid, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the Water or River of Sark, at or near the present Bridge there, and the erecting of a Bridge over the River or Water of Kinnell, at or near to a Place called Righeads, would be' of very great Advantage, not only to the Proprietors and Inhabitants, and particularly to the Merchants and Manufactureers of the Counties of Dumfries and Lanerk, but also to the Whole of the Inhabitants, Merchants, and Manufactureers, of the several Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York, and to all Persons having occasion t,o travel thereon: And therefore praying, That l>eave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Callander, Sir William Pu/teney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Callander, Mr. son. Sec.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Chelhftoa thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of p"tj^unr* Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Chellaston, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Common Meadows* dnd Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Efti-mation, 700 Acres or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation} are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Proprietors thereof if the same were divided and inclosed* and specific Parts thereof allotted to them respectively:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Alvafton thereunto subscribed* being Owners and Proprietors of J^ofure Messuages, Lands, and Estates, in the Parishes of Alvafton Petiti&m and Boulloni in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,200 Acre3 or thereabouts* which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them respectively:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George AugjiJlus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc sinfin Moor thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of inejofure Fisheries in the Rivers Dee and Don, in the several a Common called Moor, and of certain Common Petltl0,', Counties of Aberdeen and Kincardine, was presented to the Meadows thereto adjoining, all situate in the County of House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fisheries for Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Salmon and Grilzes, in the said Rivers, and in the Rivu- forth. That there are, within the said County, a certain lets, Brooks, Streams, and other Waters, running into. Common or Piece of Waste Ground called Sinfin Moor, or communicating with the fame, and in the Sea, on containing, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres or thereabouts, that Part of the Coast which is adjacent to the Mouth and also Three Common Meadows adjoining thereto, or Entrance of the said Rivers, or either of them, are of called Normanton Moor Meadows, and Ofmafton Moor considerable Value to the Petitioners, and of great Im- Meadow, which, in their present Situation, are incapable portance to the Public in general; and that the Laws of any considerable Improvement; and it would be ad-now in Force for regulating the Times of Fishing, and vantageous to the Proprietors if the same were divided for preventing the killing of Fish in forbidden Time, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them have, so far as respects the said Rivers, and other Waters respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may and Coast aforesaid, been found inconvenient, and in- be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing sufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and it the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the would be greatly for the Benefit of the Persons interested, House shall seem meet.

if Powers were given for better regulating and improving Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the said Fisheries: And therefore praying. That Leave pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that may be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Mr. Mundy and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do _ and improving the said Fisheries, in such Manner, and prepare, and bring in, the lame. umLr such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall v

seem meet. A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Uckfcld

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 17th Year

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An vf. Act

Lme for Noticei for Worthing Roads.

Plymmith Embankment t and Drainage I Bill, commuted*

Bodenham

Inclosure

Petition*

Wittenberg's Nat. Bill, committed

42 Geo. III. 22° Felruarii. 155

« Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Ucl field, "in the County of Sussex, to in the

" Parish of Wefham, in the said County, and for more " effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road trom " the Side Gate on the HorsebTurnpike Road, in the Parish of Hel/ingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Crof-in-Hand to Burwaf in the said County,"

was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , General Lenox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House wis moved, That the Report which, upon Thursiday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of Sussex, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Cortsideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the Easier Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Sussex, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Sussex Weekly Advertizer in the Months oi March and April next, or either of them, of

the Application to Parliament for Provision being made for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the lioad leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of by West Tarring,

Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Pofi, and from thence, by Nep and Raybridge

Lane, to the StcyuingTurnpike at Grinjied Park, in

the said County.

General Gaficoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Account of 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ^,°sl, eesci'j[ued " An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Service, &c.

" Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Revenues and ordered for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the " future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of " the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating " certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid " out of the Revenues of the Civil Lilt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Bragg'e, from the Committee appointed to take into Confederation the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty's Civil List, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that there be laid before this House, the Book kept in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act* containing the Account of all Monies issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenue, under the Heads of Special Service, and Royal Bounty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* the Book kept in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, containing the Account of all Monies issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenue, under the Heads of Special Service, and Royal Bounty.

Ordered, That there bedaid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Duties paid for the last Two Years on all punted Book* printed Books imported into this Kingdom; distinguish- o?X°r«L ' ing between those bound, and those not bound.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called TothillBay and Bay, near to the

Borough of Plymouth, in the County of to certain

Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preferring the lime from the Sea, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow "Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of Jhe whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Most noble Charles Duke oi Norfolk, the Mofl: honourable Thomas Marquis of Bath, and the Right honourable George Capel Coningesby Earl of EJficx, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Common Fields and Common Meadows, Which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement,) and it would be greatly for the Benefit of all Persons iritcrested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted amongst them, according to their respective Rights and interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Thynne and Sir Charles Henry Talbot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Vot. 57.

A Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Pro- Debtors Revisions of an Act, m.ade in the 52d Year of the lleign of cora*

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons , and to oblige Debtors,

" who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Be-<f nefit," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was pi^ug'ifws, referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Rc-solutions, which, upon Thursiday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Refb-lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as S'tores to be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years from the 1 It Day of April 1779, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 5th Day of July 1801, and from thence to the End of the

then

156 22° Februarii. . 1802.

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 10 much of aft Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, fa " far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon " the Importat ion of damaged Currants and Railins, and " for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof, and for explaining " the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for " Damage on other Goods, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to " the EiitifhSugar Colonies or Plantations in the

" Indies for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several fub-foquent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be Continued.

Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King, George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1802, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after " the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon. Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing, until " the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Importation of certain Fish from " Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for " granting a Bounty thereon," as relates to the permitting the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast. of Labrador, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing, " for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from " India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of (t the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered as such, and " for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by " the same Ships, under certain Restrictions," which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the present War, and for Eighteen Months after the Conclusion thereof, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reviving, continuing until the " Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred

and Two, and amending an Act, made in the Thirtyninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties " on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act, puffed " in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, " for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; " for reviving so much of an Act, made in the ThirtyJ'econd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relater to I heascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and.

" regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Expcrtation thereof, and for allowing certain Drazvbacks on " Sugar exported until the Tenth Day of May One " fund Eight hundred and One," is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries " carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786; and also so much of art Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, " and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act made in the 3.2c! Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798, and which were, by several subsequent Acts, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The laid Refblutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Six first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas -ftttart, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Seventh, of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas -ftttart, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Addington,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of Five Millions Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1800, after deducting the Sum of Three Millions, being Part of the Sum of Four Millions, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for paying off certain Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of Three Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, " for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One."

Ordered, That such a Number cf Copies of the Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1801 have been disposed of, distinguistied under their several'Heads, so far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The

Accounts ordered: Exchequer Bills.

Deficient v of Con foi 'dated Fund.

Exchequer Bills.

Account of Disposition of Grants, to be printed.

Way* and Means, deferred.

Slippy*

deferred*

Wittenberg* Nat. Bill, reported.

tancfcftef

Bridge* Petition.

2 Geo. III. 22° — 23° Fe 157

The other Orders of the Day being read}

Resolvetd , That this House will, upon Morning next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tht Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 23* die Februarii\

AnhO 4ft® Georgii III*11 Regis, i8oa.

PraVeri.

s \ >TR. Blackburne cf Lanc reported from the XVX Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of assembled at

a Special Setfion, held at Proton, in and for the said County, the 19th Day of November 1801, pursuant to the Statute, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Inhabitants of the said County have of late Years been greatly opprefi'ed, and put to great Expence, by having lately had the Repairs of ineffectual Bridges, heretofore unknown, thrown upon them, and which were built by Subscription, and otherwise, without any Authority from the County, and merely for the private Purposes of Individuals, but which, by some late Determinations, the County becomes obliged to re-build and support, to an incalculable Expence and Increase of the public Burthens of the County, and which Grievance is still increasing; and that, previous to the Year 1784, the said Inhabitants only repaired Six County Bridges, the others being repaired by the Hundreds, Parishes, Townships, and other Districts, within the said County , but that since the 1 aft-mentioned Period, the Repairs of Five additional Bridges have been added thereto; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the Public should be accommodated with Bridges where they are really wanted, on proper Conditions, but submit, that all new Bridges, which are afterwards to be upheld and supported at the Expence of the County, should be built with the Knowledge, Approbation, and by the Authority of the Magistrates of the County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws respecting County Bridges, lb far as the same relate to the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber* and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. SI'

A Petition of the Reverend the Warden and Fellows Norton of the Collegiate Church of Christ, in Mane heft er, Lords of the ManOf of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Proprietors cl the Common or Waste situate within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the iaid Common or Waste contains, by liftimation,

140 Statute Acres or thereabouts, and, ill its present State, is of small Value; but, if divided and inclosed, and the Allotments to the Proprietors held in Severalty, they would be capable of very great Improvements} and that the Petitioners did not determine to apply for the Inclosure of the said Common until the Month of December last, and therefore Notices of this Application have not been regularly given, pursuant to the Standing Orders of the House^ relative to Bills of Inclosure, but all the Proprietors of the said Common are consenting thereto; and, if the said Inclosure should be deferred till another Year, the Delay would be attended with great Lois and Incohvenience to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common or Waste, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Chester and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors upon Na"lw*ch the Tolls arising within the First District: of the Roads petition, mentioned in Two Acts, the one, passed in the 9 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the 17 th and a8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chef dr, tlvrough Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantzvich to and from

thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same lload, and also for repairing and widening the Road from -wich, in the said County of Chester, to the Crols in Tarvin aforesaid; and the other, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, lb far as relates to the First District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in the Repair of the Roads within the said First District, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the same , and which, together with the Tolls, have been applied to the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further extended and enlarged:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Provisions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Clolmondeley,

Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

S s Nine

158

23* Februarii.

A' 1802.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

CHefter and A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Rol'h b!i|C|* Powers' of Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the (Kint Dirtrifl) Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and committed. in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bovghton, within the Liberties of the City of to

Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Bought on,- within the Liberties of the City of Che/ler, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Chohnonddey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Handsworth A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and incloiuce Bill, W'afte Lands within the Manor and Parish of commit c . worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Folkton, Sec,

Inclosure

Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, Kllates within the Townships of Folkton, East Flotmanby, and ITeJl Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Town ships and Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, and other Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House Hull leem meet.

Ordered, That I/eavc be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Itcnin Navigation Kill, prt knttd.

Hull Docks Petition.

Mr. St urges presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7 th and 33th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River in the

o o,

County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dock Company at Hull, under their Common Seal, was presented to the Houll*, and read; reciting an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at upon-IJtdl, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That a very extensive and commodious Dock or Bason, and a public Quay or Wharf, Vere made by the Petitioners, according to the Directions of the said Act, which have proved highly beneficial to His Majesty's Revenue and the Trade of the said Port; and that, from the great Increase of Commerce, farther

Conveniencies for the Shipping frequenting the said Port having become necessary, the several Corporations of the Mayor and Burgesses, and of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity House at Kingston-upon-Hull, and the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, have requested the Petitioners to make additional Dock-room at the said Port; and that the Petitioners have agreed to make a Dock from Myton Gates to Hefsle Gates, to contain Seventy Sail of Ships, with an Entrance into the Humber sufficient to admit a Fifty Gun Ship, on receiving One-Half of the Expence of making such Dock and Entrance, to which Terms the said several Corporations, and the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, have respectively acceded:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Other Sligo Paving Inhabitants of the Town of Sligo, in the County of p"f^„rl>our Sligo, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays,

Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch in the said Town, for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof; and Setting forth, That the said Act is highly injurious in its Provisions to the several Inhabitants of the said Town, inaft much as a Power is given to the Corporation, created by the said Act, of imposing such Taxes on the Lands and Holafes, situate in the said Town, and the Precincts thereof, as to them shall seem proper, to the Amount of about Eighteen per Cent, on the Annual Value of all the Property within the said Town and Precincts, and a very considerable Tax on the Tonnage of the Shipping trading to the said Port is also vested in the said Corporation; and the said Act also empowers the said Corporation to raise, on the Credit of the said Taxes, the Sum of £.6,000, w'ithout requiring any Account to be made of the Application of the several Sums of Money by them received by such Taxes, or of the said Sum of £.6,000, nor is the Misapplication thereof in any respect prevented or controuled by the said Act; and that no Part of the aforesaid Sum of £.6,000 has been borrowed under the said Act, nor has any Tax whatever been as yet levied by the Authority thereof; and therefore no Injury can be done to any Individual by the Repeal thereof by his having lent Money on thO Credit thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and for the better Improvement, deepening, and Regulation of the Harbour of Sligo, and for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the said Town, in such Way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooper, Mr. Henry Alexander,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

42 Geo. III. 23° Februartu 155

Petition* A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are( Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That there

as^init Hie of thereunder signed, being a Quorum of His Majesty's are Clauses in the said Bill which, if palfed into a Law, Co<s Roads justices and Commissioners of Sewers acting in and for will be very injurious to the Interests of the Petitioners,

'---- the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catherine's and and the rest of the Inhabitants of Goodman's Fields and

er^ofseiver* Blackball Marsh, was presented to the House, and read; Church Lane-, and, unless Provision be made in tire said

of^TowertrS Taking Notice of the Bill for making, repairing, widen- Bill for their Relief, the same will be very burthensome

Hamlets. ing, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, to them, especially as the said Clauses will, in some Mea-

lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be sure, superlede the Powers of the Commissioners acting called The Commercial Road from the West India Docks, in under the said recited Acts, depriving the said Pavement the lfte oft Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a of Part of its Revenues, by the pulling down of Houses certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, and other Premises, rateable thereto, and greatly in-Whitechapel, and alfoa Branch or ffiort Cut from the said creating the Expences of its future Repairs, although the Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of utmost Extent of the present Assessments, which are Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex-, and also, for limited by the said Acts, will now but barely support opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and their Charges: And therefore praying. That they may Paffiiges from the End of the said Road to, along, and be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against

through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and alone such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interest, and

Little Aylie Street and Great Ay lie Street, into and through-Scmerfet Street, into Wh High Street, in the said

County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London-, and Setting forth, That the said Road will pals over the Three several Sewers under the Jurisdiction of the Petition* rs, called Lime house Sewer, The

Spit id Fields Sewer, and The Man in the Moon and Wapping Level Sewer-, and that divers Works will become necessary to be done upon and over the said Sewers, and new S.wers may be necessary to be made, which Works ought to be done under the Direction of the Petitioners; and that, by the said Bid, a great Number of Premises are intended to be taken away, by which the Rates, made for the Support and Maintenance of the Sewers, will become deficient, whereby the Burthen of the Sewers Rate will be increased on the other Inhabitants, during the Time such Works are carrying on: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for making good any Deficiency that may happen, in the Sewers Rates as aforesaid, and for protesting the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Inhabitants of A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are ijiMhouse thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of

c ' Saint Anne, Lime house, and the Hamlet of in

the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there are Clauses in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Interests of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet; and that, unless Provision is made in the said Bill for their Relief, with tefpecl to certain Rates and Taxes intended to be im-poled by the Laid Bill, the same will be very burthensome and oppressive to them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, and that they may lieve such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Commission- A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-wr*r i?v"iS cut‘on an Act for better paving the Streets, Squares,

Iec Fe' Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodmans Fields which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Motherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein > and also of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for . paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George,

in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint . Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein, and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church, was likevyife presented to the House, and read; also Taking Yol. 57.

that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the.House shall seem meet.

' And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Hackney the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the i wh, 26th, Road and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King commute George the Second, and in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Bamfley Road whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing 'p the Acts thereinafter-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Bamfley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a River called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County; also, an Act passed in the 18th.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, were read: — And,

Mr. John Moore being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the some in Execution, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money,

which

150 23" Februarh. 1802.

which is ftilldue and Owing upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the EaR Side of,

in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Bar ugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over And beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Town-ship of Cawthorne, in the said County: And that Mr.

U "lib erf or ce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

K tyirrgnnm, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ami Navies'* hereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, tiJa petition, being Owners of Estates in the several Parillies, Town-ships, and Places of KKeyingham and

Sail/uiugh Ryhill, and Comer ton,

Burton Pidfea, and,

Owjlwick, Roofs, RimfzveU Wax holme, vuick, Le/ley, Humbleton, Fitting, Hi/Jhn, Carton, Albrough, East-Nezvton, Etherdwick, and Tantieme, within the Seigniory of Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the said several Parillies, Townships, and Places; and Setting forth, That the Commissioners, nominated and appointed by and under the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, but by Reason of divers Defects and Deficiencies in the said Act, and certain Restrictions thereby imposed on the said Commissioners, respecting the Construction and Situation of the Drainage Works, the same have been found to be ineffectual to fulfil the beneficial Purposes of the said Act; and that, by Reason of the vast Accretion of new Land between a certain Island or Place, heretofore an Island in the River Humber, called Sunk and the Shores of the said Seigniory of Holderness, extending from a Place called No Man's Friend, for several Miles towards the River Humber, and now amounting to several Thousand Acres; and, by reason of the great and continual Increase of Mud and Warp in the ancient Channel called Keyingham Haven, the Clough erected and built, in pursuance of the said Act, at the aforesaid Place called No Alan's Friend, is now so choaked, warped, and lilted, as to be inadequate and insufficient for the discharging of the Waters of the said Low Grounds and Carrs from the said Clough into the said River Humber, and must, in a short Time, be wholly loft; and that the said Low Grounds and Carrs now are, and for some Years pall have been, subject to be overflowed with Water, so as to be wholly unfit for the Purposes of Agriculture, to the great Damage and Loss of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and of the Public; and that there arc very considerable Quantities of Land within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, amounting to a,000 Acres and upwards, capable of receiving Benefit from the said Drainage, over and above the Low Grounds and Carrs which are now included in the said Act; and that the Drainage of all the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and other Lands, is capable of being made complete and effectual by opening a certain ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, and discharging the Waters of certain of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, through the said ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, into the River Humber,

through or near to a certain Place called Hedon Haven, and by making a Deviation from the said ancient Channel or Haven called Keyingham Haven, above, and near to, the aforesaid Place called No Man's Friend, and difehatging the Waters from the Remainder of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, into the said River Humber, at a certain Place Called Stone Creek-, and that Part of the Main Drains hereinbefore described, extending from the aforesaid Creek or Haven called Stone Creek into and through the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Ryhill, Ha/Jhanl, and

Roofs, to certain Places called Roofs Bridge and Ozvjlwick Carr Gale, are and Will be capable of admitting the Navigation of Boats, and it may, at some Time hereafter, be thought beneficial to the said Low Lands and Carrs, and to the Proprietors thereof, to licence and permit such Navigation, when a sufficient Majority in Value of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, shall, by some sufficient Deed or Instrument, declare their Consent thereto; and that, in order to obtain a perfect and beneficial Drainage of the Low Grounds, Carrs, and Lands afore* laid, it is necessary that the said Act should be repealed, and that new Powers should be granted f or effecting luck Drainage, as well of the Lands and GrrUnds now comprized in the said Act, as the other Lands and Grounds above-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WMr. Lafceiles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and.

Records.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Falmouth and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the ift Year of the Reign repotted', of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Helfon, and

Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge; and also another Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, The laid Acts were read. — And,

Mr. John Michell being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftijl remains due, and the same cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the til and a ill Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of,

in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn,

Helfon, and Marazion, and from thence to and over

Marazion

Lancaster County R Petition.

Wookey,

drainage

Petition,

reported.

Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge: And that Sir William Lemon, Lord Francis Go dolphin and Mr. Gregor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Justices of the

ltes Peace acting in and for the County Palatine of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the Annual General Sessions of the Peace held at Pres.on, in the said County, on the 26th Day of June 1800, it appeared to the Court, that the Assessment by which the County Rates are collected had not been altered, since the Year 1650, and is becoming very unequal, from the grfcat Alterations which have taken place in the Value of Property in that long Period of Time; and that the Injury of this unequal Taxation to many Parts of the said County is further aggravated by the great Increase of the County Expenditure, which, in the last Thirty Years, hath advanced from 1,500 to £. 17,000 per Annum, and it is therefore become expedient that a more equal and effectual Method of making:

1 o

the County Rates within the said County should be estab'ished: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more equal and effectual making of the County Rates for the said County, in such Manner, and, under such Regulations, as to the Iloufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburns of Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fee. Mr. Dickiufon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in some or one of the several Parishes and Places therein-' after-mentioned, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage and Navigation Biils, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Iloufe; and he read the Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foilowi.th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Tu[on being examined, said, That there are certain Low Grounds, containing together 15,000 Acres or thereabouts, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, lying in the several Parishes, Chapelries, Villages, or Hamlets of Wookey, Westbur and the several other Places mentioned in the Petition, all in the County of Somerset, and situate near and draining into the River Axe, in the said County; and that the said Lands and Grounds, from their low and fiat Situation, are, by Reason of there not being any Dam, Lock, Sluice, or Stop Hatches upon the said River, in order to prevent the Water from the Brifol Channel, at High Tides, from running up the said River, very liable to be flooded, and cannot be properly drained, and receive much Injury and Damage thereby, which is chiefly occasioned by there not being any such Works aforesaid, and by the circuitious Course of the said River, by the Narrowness of the fame, and by divers other Obstructions. Impediments, and Annoyances, in and near thereto. — And the Witness added, That if proper and sufficient Cuts, Sluices, Drains, Outlets, Flood Gates, and other Works, were made for draining, and preserving from future Floods the said Low Lands and Grounds, great Benefit would accrue to the Owners and Pro-

Vo L. 57.

prietors thereof, and to the Public, and the Navigation of the said River would be much improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the Several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westbury,

Wedmore, Blear, Weare, Nyland, B

East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbr Compton Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Borrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset-, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop,

Biddisham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one . of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs. situate within the said Parish of Bleadon:

And that Mr. Dickiufon, Mr. Gore Langton, and Lord George Thytmc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year Kent street of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th-Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in Lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of Eaf Greenwich and Saint Paul, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so mych of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Lhomas-a-Watenngs, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and other Roads therein described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Calcraft, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Saltash Roads larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the ad and,

17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for committt repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornivall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jeffery,

Mr. Brogden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the several Petitions Petitions which were presented to the House upon Wednesday ^s*'I^ jefer-last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the c0un£j said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again ordered, read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions,

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

T t A Petition

2$° Februarii.

A, 1802.

Petitions of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are said County: And the same was received; and read the saitalh thereunto subscribed: And also, First Time.

Rollis Bill. Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

are thereunto subscribed; A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Petition of

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Burgesses, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Town ^oTNonh-Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting of > was presented to the House, and read; ampton,

forth, That several of the Provisions Contained in the said Bill will prove highly injurious to the Petitioners, and many other Persons residing near or travelling the said Roads: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Coun*

to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the

reported*

'faking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Trustees of the said Roads have laid before the Petitioners the Copy of a Clause which they intend to insert in the said Bill, to enable them to caul'e to be erected such Gates; Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, fel, or Agents, again!! such Parts of the said Weighing Machines, or any of them, in, upon, or across Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief as any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also upon the the House shall think just and reasonable. Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading into the,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered same (not being a Turnpike Road) as they the said

~ " Trustees shall think proper; and that the said Trustees

were, by every Act of Parliament relating to the said Roads, hitherto restrained from erecting any Gate or w Turnpike, or collecting any Toll within Two Miles of the

laid Committee, upon their Petitions, if said Town of Northampton; and if the said Bill, as pro* they think fit. poled, should pass into a Law, it will very materially

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* injure the said Town, andoccasion great Inconvenience ihittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, That same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, ag'ainst the said a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill to restrain the Petitions. Trustees of the said Roads from erecting any Turnpike;

or collecting any Toll within Two Miles of the said Maidstone Sir Matthew Bloxam reported frotn the Committee, Town; and that the Petitioners may be heard by them*

*"t??inon‘ to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose selves, or Counsel, generally upon the several Clauses in Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the said Bill, and be it Liberty to introduce such other executing the several Acts thereinafter mentioned, was Clauses as to the House shall be thought reasonable, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn- until the said Bill be read a Second Time, pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; A Petition of Michael Newton, Esquire, Benjamin Keiby,

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Cheales, Gentleman, 'Thomas Burtt, and others, whole p^titionT

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's of certain Open Fields, Half Year's Meadow, Common Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of viz. and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two otherwise Hat her, in the County of Lincoln, was presented Acts, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty King to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said George the Second, and the 8th Year of His present Lands and Grounds, containing in the Whole upwards Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair of 3,000 Acres, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their pre-the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at sent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im-the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, provement; and it would be of Advantage to all Par-in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubb's ties interested, if the same were inclosed and divided Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, amongst them: And therefore praying, That Leave may were read: — And, be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing

Mr. John Pope being examined, laid, That the Truf- the said Lands and Grounds, subject to such Regulations tees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, as to the House shall seem meet,

and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. be paid off, and the said Road amended, improved, and Shaw Lefevre and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and kept in Repair, unlcts the Term of the said Acts be bring in, the fame, further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof

altered and amended. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Thorp Audi*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of p^j°(au and continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Estates within the Township of Thorp Audlin, in the peTitiou! Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 33d Year of the Parish of Badsworth, in the West Riding of the County Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the other in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present forth. That there are within the said Township divers Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Commons, Common Pastures, Open Fields, and other the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at uninclosed Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs of any considerable Improvement, and might be greatly

improved if. the same were divided, inclosed, and drained: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. Samuel Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Northampton and Market Harborough Roads Bill, presented*

Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County: And that Sir A Iatthew Bloxam, Sir William Geary, and

Sir Edward Knatchbull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Har borough, and from the Direction Poll in Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Wolford Bridge, in the

Wigtown

Roads

Petition.

teotiunfter

Canal

Petition.

42 Geo. lit.

23° Febrtl

163

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in {he Speaker's Chamber } and stave Power to fend for Persons', Papers, and Recordi.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, was presented to the House, and readSetting forth, That an Act was pai&d in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, the Powers whereof have been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and it would be of Advantage to the Public if the said Act was repealed, and more effectual Powers given, for making and repairing the Roads in the said County; and that the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass and Glenluce, to and from

thence, by Stranraer, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, being one of the great Communications between Engl Scotland, and Ireland, is in bad Repair, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair* unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other Powers are given; and that the Laws how subsisting for the'making of Roads and building Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual in the said County of Wigtown to make and maintain the Roads through the same generally, and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution; and it is attended with Difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply, the Statute Work in the said County; and that a reasonable Composition in Money, in Lieu of actual Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Service than the actual Performance; and it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of Wigtown to convert the Statute Services

into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the lame, and to authorize an additional Assessment than that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands, and other Persons, in the said County, for making Highways and Bridges through the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House may. seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr; Lefevre, Mr. Fordyce, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and that another Act was passed, in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the said Company of Proprietors to finish and complete the said Canal Navigation, and that the said Company have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal, and erected Locks, Aqueducts, Bridges, and other Works, authorized and empowered to be made by the said first-recited Act; and that the said Company were by the said first-recited Act empowered to iraile the Sum of £. 150,000, but have been only able to raise Part thereof, amounting to £.68,582, which Sum has proved very inadequate even to complete the Works V01. 57.

belonging to, or connected with, that Part of the said Canal hitherto made, and the said Company hath thereby incurred a Debt to sundry Persons to the Amount ol £.25,000, which Sum is now due and owing from the said Company; and that a great Part of the said Canal still remains unfinished; and, in order to enable the said Company to complete the same, and the Works connected therewith, or necessary to be made and done, to form the intended Communication between Kington and the River Severn aforesaid, and also -to discharge the said Debt of £. 25,000, it is requisite that further and other Powers should be granted to the said Company; and that the said Acts have been found to be in some Re-spedls insufficient and defective; and it is necessary that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be enlarged, altered, and amended: And therefore praying, That fllave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Knight,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com- Downturn mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, Market, &c. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of Petition, re-themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain potted*

Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotfham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Saffery being examined, said, That there are, within the said several Parishes, divers Fen Lands and Low Grounds, containing together 1,600 Acres or thereabouts, a very considerable Part whereof, being liable to be flooded and much damaged by Water, are at present of little Value, and it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, if all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds were properly drained and improved.

Ordered, That Leave bir given to bring in a Bill for draining and improting certain Fen lands and Low Grounds within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotfham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk; and that Sir Marlin Browne Folkes, Mr.

AJlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, ^Hi-eton Tradesmen, and others, residing.ln the County of petitions,

whose Names are thereunder-written: And also.

Another Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunder-written:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Alfreton, in the said County of Derby, through the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Alfreton, Swahwick, Pentrhlge,

Kilburn, Horsley, Holbrooke, Coxbench, Little Eaton,

Breadfall, Little Chester, and Saint Alknmnd, to the Town of Derby, are greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts circuitous, narrow, and inconvenient

164 a3° Februarii. A. 1802.

convenient for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a B'll for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and they are to examine the Matters thereof; and report the tame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord George AuguJUts Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy,&c.: And they are to meet To-( morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

Vfkeibion A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Petition' Fagot, of Blit//field, in the County of and of

Poolpark, in the County of "Denbigh, Lord of the Manor and Soil in the Township of in the Parish of

Llanynjs, in the said County of Denbigh, and the humble petition of the several Freeholders within the said Township, who have Right of Common upon the Common and Waste Grounds within the said Township of Yejkcibion, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders interested in the said Common and Waste Grounds, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Township, a large and extensive Tract of Open, Common, or Waste Ground, containing 500 Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Value; but, if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common and Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ty rwhitt‘Jones and Sir W Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CrMtStausi'- Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom t?tion°rcpoit- Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord St. cj. ' John, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants respectively within the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Buckingham, or some or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;. and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Day being examined, laid, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Roads at or near the Way Poll at the South End of Brown's Lane, in the Parish of Great St aught on-,in the County of Huntingdon, in or through the said Parish, and

in the County of Bedford, in the said County of Huntingdon, Rifely, BSharnbrook, Odell, and Har-rohl, in the said County of and Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham, to the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Lavendon, leading from the Town of Bedford towards Ofa y in the said County of is in a

ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually altered, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious to Paflen-

v£7-.

gers, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of the Laws now in being for the Amendment and Pitfei^ption of the public Highways; and that it would be adv^ii-tageous to the Petitioners, and the Public in general, if the said Road was properly altered, repaired, and widened, and if necessary and convenient 'funnels were made upon the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road leading from the South End of Browns Lane, in the Parish of Great Stanghlon, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham: And that Mr. St, John and Mr.

Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Afluirft thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Petition.* Owners of Estates within the Parish and Manor herein after-mentioned, was presented to the Hotife, and read;

Setting forth, That there is a certain Common and Waste Land, called Afinrfl Wood, lying and being within the Manor of Ashurst or Grinjied Wild, or Wallhill Manor, ill the Parish of East Grinjied, in the County of Sussex, which might be much improved if divided and allotted among the Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed; and that the Petitioners were prevented from giving the usual Notice, agreeable to the Rules of the House, the Owners and Proprietors not having agreed in due Time to the Measure of inclosing; but, that all the Persons interested in the Application, have signed the present Petition: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, General &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Chinnery (from Accounts of the Treasury) attended at the Door, he was called in; fo"ge^!j!^ed and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to service, pre-. their Order, rented.

The Book of Account of Money issued for Special Service, or Royal Bounty, kept for that Purpose in the Treasury, in order to be produced to either House of Parliament, if required (pursuant to the Direction of an Act of the 22dTear of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the " Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and " for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the " future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of " the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating " certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid " out of the Revenues of the Civil List," from 5th 1782 to 5th April 1794: And also.

The Book of Account of Money issued for Special Service, or Royal Bounty, kept for that Purpose in the Treasury, in order to be produced to either House of Parliament, if required, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act, from the 5th April 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books be referred to the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the several Accounts which were presented to the House, upon day last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty's Civil List.

Note. — The laid Books were directed to be returned to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury', by an Order of the House of the 14th Day of March.

The

Accounts of Cinnamon, &c. imported and exported, presented.

Motion for

Address,

withdrawn.

Expiring Laws Bill, presented.

Fort Marlborough Factory Bdl, pre femed.

Petition of Merchants,

& c. of Grenada, and Sr, Vincent, reported.

The House being informed that Mr. Irising, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity and Value, Official and Real, of Cinnamon and Cassia Lignea, imported into, and exported trorn, Great Britain, in the Three Years ending the 5th Day of "January 1801; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cassia Lignea, and on Hides and Skins, imported into Great in the Three Years ending the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Year.

And then he* withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Thar an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleal'ed to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Four-and-Half per Cent. Duties from the Leeward Islands.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the; to the giv-

ing further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the permitting the Importation of certain Fish frCm and the

Coall of Labrador; and to the allowing the Importation anti Exportation of Goods from and to India and China in Ships not of British -built: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolveid, That tiic Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow M orning.

Mr. Vi iHiam Dundaspresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to authorize the India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the Raft Indies, a Factory fuberdinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lifbinglon reported from the Committee, to whem the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and connected with, the Iliar.ds of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vie.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 'Thomas Coles, Sugar Broker, being examined, said. That Sugar at present is very unsaleable, except at a low

Vol. 57.

Price; that the Price has declined for these Eighteen Months pall, particularly since the Signature of the Preliminaries of Peace; that the Average Price of Grenada Sugar is from 48/. to 62 s. per Hundred Weight; that the Average Charges were from 38 s. to 40 per Cwt.; that Sugar is at present full Twenty per Cent, lower than the Average Price during the War; and that the high Prices of Sugar were previous to the Year 1798, when the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent were unproductive on account of the Insurrections. — The Witness all'o stated. That Sugars were very low last Year, and that they arc at present full Seven Shillings Cwt. lower than last Year; and that all the Sugars at present on Hand were imported subject to the War Charges: — And,

Mr. William Arnold, of the Island of Grenada (not interested in the Subject before Your Committee) said. That hc^had resided in Grenada for near Thirty Years, and, fr<5m his general Knowledge and Experience, the Expence of cultivating Sugar was on an Average about £.10 perHogfhead of 12 Cwt. exchiiive of the Rum,

which arises from the Supplies sent out from Europe, and Bills drawn from the Island for Expences which the Rum was inadequate to defray; that he considered the Expences of last Year to have exceeded the Average of preceding Years, from the high Price of Provisions, Materials, and Supplies of all Sorts; that, from the present Price of Sugar, after deducing the Charges and Expences, nothing would remain for the Planter, who would inevitably be brought into Debt; that the Supplies of Stores from Europe w$re equal to £.5 per Hogshead on the Cultivation of each Estate, exclusive of Provisions for the Negroes, and other Articles provided in the Island. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Marsham, Secretary to the Commissioners for iiluing Exchequer Bills to the Sufferers by the Infur-rections in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, being examined, said, That the Sum remaining due from the Merchants, Planters, and others of Grenada and Saint Vincent, by public Loan, is amply secured to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, and that it bears an Interest of Five per Cent.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Ridley:

Mr., Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the

Year One thouliind Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend lb much ot an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining, amending,

" and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale "of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the

" for eft ailing and monopolizing Fish -, and for allowing the

" Sale of Fish under the Dimen fmentioned in " contained in an Act of the F Year of his late

" Reign, in case the same are taken with Hook," as relates

to the Sale of Eels; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County or Cornwall,

U u and

The Lords have agreed te

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Southern

WhalcFilhery

Bill.

Bill ref»>e£r-ing the Sale of Eels.

Truro Roads and Btidge Bill.

1

166 23* — 24 FeA. 1802.

and for building, and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the River, at a Place called Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty-lccond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described; without any Amendment: And also, tt.iyneford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act incioiure for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Warren, Commons, and W'afle Grounds, within the Parish of Hayne-furci, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

PtMorsRclief The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bui, de:mid. re|o]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘c An Act for the Relief of Debtors with rel'pect to the " Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, " who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

RcJ'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself info the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

B.ini>'irv Road A T ft. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Petition, ro IVJL whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, ..or.tt. freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Oxford and

Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William IVaford, Junior, being examined, said. That the

Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the I lor 1C Fair, in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Swalclif, in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes, in the said County of r, to

the Bridge crofting the River Stour, in the Parish of bar eke ft on, in the said County of Warwick, is very much out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; that it would be of great Convenience to the J\:cighhourhood, and ol public Utility, if thp said Road was properly amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, Th it Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Iront the Turnpike Road in the Horse

Fair in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the Bridge crofting the River Stour, in Barche/ion, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord ViscountBrome reported from the Committee, to Woodbridge whom the Bill for repairing, widening, improving, and g'jjJreported,! keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers, was read a Second mitted. lime.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this After* noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Act ley presented to the House, according to Order, Rilby, Indo, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open pr*"

Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: t06ills‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of SuJJ'ex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Ixird Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and

rp

lwo:

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to

Ships

4^2 Geo. III. 240

Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled," An Act for explaining,

" amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made " in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for funking a free Market " for the Sale of Fish in the of Westminster; and " for preventing the forefalling and monopolizing of Fift;

" and for allowing the Sale of , under the -

" foils mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the " Firf Year of his late M Reign, in case the " same are taken with a Hook," as relates to the Sale of Eels:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building, and keeping in Repair, a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Warren, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, within the Parish of Hayneford, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for naturalizing John Aime Delord.

Account of 'Grain, &c. imported into Scotland, prefen ted.

Leeds and Otley Road Bill, pre tented.

Bamtley Road Bill, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Milford, (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account -of all Grain, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Scotland, between the ill of October 1800 and the ill of October 1801; distinguishing the Counties

whence, and the Ports into which imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnefey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Floor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugk to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

VOL. 57.

Mr. Muudy reported from the Committee, to whom Chefu-rneid the Bill for continuing the Term,' and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 33d. Bill, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the reported. Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present.

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the

Town of Chef erfield to Matlock Bridge-, and also the

Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge. to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowefef Bridge, all in the County of Derby, was co&i-mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

presented.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, ac- Woobum cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Inclosure Bill, closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Woobum, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Croughton thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Croughton, otherwise Crowtoit, in the County of Northampton, wa3 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are; within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and W'afte Lands, and divers Quantities of Meadow and Pasture Land, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in filial 1 Quantities; and would be capable of considerable Improvement if divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, . under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dick ins, Mr. Cartzvright, and Mr. Shaw Lefevre, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame. *

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, Canterbury to whom the Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and j"0d,ja^]|Wlcli improving, the Road leading from the City of Canter- reported.' bury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, widening, Canterbury and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, paired.

in

fontefraet

Clarities

ftution.

l£8

'I40 Febru.

1802.

in the County of to; and for suspending and varying, for a Time to be limited,-so much of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading. from the said City of Canterbury to the Me of was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz:

Pr. 4. 1. 21. To leave out " B. D." and insert of Cant" inllead thereof. Pr. 60. 1. 14.IT0 leave out " or advanced for An-& 15. \" nuities thereupon."

1. 23-)To leave out " except the Monies to to 29.5 " be advanced for the Purchase of

" any Annuity or Annuities in Lieu of such as shall fall in, and which " Monies are hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied as aforesaid."

Pr. 61. 1. 17TT0 leave out " and the Annuities to h 1 S-5» " be granted."

1. 35. To leave out " and the Annuities to " be granted."

Pr. 62. 1. 19.^0 leave out " or advanced for An-&20.J " nuities thereupon."

1. 28.VY0 leave out " except the Monies to to 34.) " be advanced for the Purchase of

" any Annuity or Annuities in Lieu . " of such as shall fall in, and which

" Monies are hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied."

Pr. 63. 1. 9.YT0 leave out " and the Annuities to 8: 10.) " be granted."

1. 24.VT0 leave out " and the Annuities to 2* 25.J " be granted."

And tile said Amendments were, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved., That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from t he City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Me of Thanet, in the County of Ktiit; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, lo much cf an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Me of Thanet.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Kllates, and nfident within the Township of Ponfefraft, and an adjoining Township called in the West

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That about the Beginning of the Infl Century several charitable and well-disposed Persons raised considerable Sums of Money by Subscription, and otherwise, which were laid out in Housing and Lands, the Rents and Profits whereof have been applied towards the cloathing and instructing of Male and Female Children within the said Townships, and the Institution has been under the Direction of certain Persons who have been Subscribers of One Guinea or more Annually; but.it is not certainly known in whom the legal Lftnte in the said real Property is vested, nor are there any known Rules or Orders for the Management of the said Institution; and that, by the Alteration of Times, the said real Property is now become of great Value, although, for the Reasons before mentioned, the same is enjoyed by Individuals ' at infuior Rents, and the Advantages arifrng from it are comparatively small; but if proper Trustees were appointed, the said Property was disposed of, and the

Money arising therefrom Converted and applied to the greatest Advantage, and if Regulations were made for the due Management of the said Institution, the Benefits arising from it to the Inhabitants of the said Townships . would be greatly increased and advanced; and that there are also, within the said Townships of Pontefract and Tanjhelf, several Hospitals, to which a considerable

Property in Housing, Lands, and Rents appertain; and there are other Properties in Housing, Lands, and Rents, which belong to the Poor of the said several Townships at large, which Properties being for the most Part also got into the Hands of Individuals at Rents greatly below their Value, the Inhabitants are deprived of great Part of the Profits which might be made thereof; but if the same were also disposed of, and the Money arising therefrom applied to the greatest Advantage, great Benefit would accrue to the said Hospitals and Inhabitants, and the Poor Rates (which are extravagantly high) would be reduced; and that, besides the several Advantages above specified, the Properties comprized in the above Descriptions have been many Years in Mortmain, and their being disposed of would furnish many Conveniences to divers Persons who would give advanced Prices for the Purchase thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eflefting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. -lerforce, he.: And they are to meet Tcf-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg, Wittenberg'* was read the Third Time.- ' panic?.'11'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon p5'!"oukth Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- and Drainage mittee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, upon Bill, *ranf-the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels com-of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the Village mittee. of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of cm- banking and preserving the same from the Sea, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Elford, Mr. Grenville, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Treaty, Time to be.limited, to cause certain Countervailing deferred. Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of ," to ceaie,

or be lulpended under certain Circumstances;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Expiring Reading of the Bill for making perpetual so much of ^mmiued.

an

an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to th t British Sugar Colonies, in the Indies; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs,.and Mace; to the permitting the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador'; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India und China in Ships not of British-hu\\t, be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Drawbacksoa Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Printed Books Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks obtained on Printed Books exported, for the Years ending 5th April 1795 to the 5th April 1S01; and also, for Three Quarters of a Year, ending the 5th of January 1802.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

exported

ordered.

rted,

Supply,

deferred.

Wm and

Meant,

deferred.

Jovis, 2 50 Februarit;

Anno 42* Georgii III. U Regis, 1802.

Praters.

Falmouth and QIR William Lemonpresented to the House, accord-

BiS, °* ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and presented. altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the ill and 21st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmou, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of , and Marazion,

and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Banbury Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to

p^mtctL Order, a Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading trom the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of in the County of Oxford, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour, in Barchefon, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 57.

r A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Swerford and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Com- ®,u*'

monable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Swerford, in the Parish of Swerford, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Tybumaml

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Petition, several Acts, passed in the ill and 12th Years of the rePorted-Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,. for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County, and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfngton Gravel Pits, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,' and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read — And,

Mr. Peter Lecomu being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and in carrying the other Purposes therein mentioned into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which have from Time to Time been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; that the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, pasted in the 1 ft and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex-, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfngton Gravel Pits: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers Islington of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Ifington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was pasted, in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for lighting such Part of the Town of Ifington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Ifington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; and that another Act was pasted, in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for building a Work-

X x house

house for the said Parish; and that the Petitioners find that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts are insufficient to enable them to carry the good Purposes thereby intended into Execution, and it would be attended with great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish if the said Acts were altered, amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 'Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Downturn Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, n£*et' according to Order, a Bill for draining and improving prefeowd. ' certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the several Parishes of Downham , Stow Bar-

dolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ChurctT A Petition of the Subscribers, Heritors of the Parish Petition. of the Barony of Glasgo, within the Sheriffdom of Lanark, and of the Minister of the said Barony Parish, with Concurrence of the Presbytery of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish having been too small for the Inhabitants, and an improper Place for public Worship, the Heritors in the said Parish, in the Year 1794, purchased certain Lands lying within the Territory of the Burgh of Glasgow, on which Ground the Heritors erected a Church for the said Parish; and it would be

Eroper that the said Church was declared by Law to e the Church of the said Parish, vested in the Heritors thereof, and annexed to, and made Part of, the said Parish; and that the Glebe belonging to the Benefice of the said Parish lies contiguous to the City and Burgh of Glasgow, and, by the Increase of the said City, and Demand for Ground, for the Purpose of Building, it would be of Advantage to the Community, and to the Minitler of the said Parish, and of future Incumbents, that the Glebe belonging thereto was converted into Building Ground, and Streets and Passages were opened through the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, with such Powers and Authorities, and with such Restrictions and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Mr. Pringle,

Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

CMterfieW An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-"«' Matlock ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, paired in 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Croft Green; and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Rowefey Bridge, all in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

5

enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge: and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Croft Green; and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Rowefley Bridge, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are THimeiiv thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ^raina others. Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Petition! Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, sundry Open Fields,

Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated, and Part thereof frequently overflowed with Water; and, it would be advantageous to the Persons interested if the same were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, and if such Parts as are liable to be overflowed with Water were drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration erf- a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the thereunder-mentioned Persons, Llanelly being Proprietors of Lands and Iron Works in the and

County of Carmarthen, and also Merchants, Traders, petition, and otherwise interested in the Trade, Mines, and Minerals, in the several Parishes of Llanelly, Llanon, Llan-vihangel-aberbythich, and Llandebie, in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Railway, or Tram Road, for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from or near a Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, to, at, or near a Place called Cajlleygarreg, in the Parish of Llanvihangel-aberbythich, and the making and repairing a Dock and Bason and Pill for Ships, Barges, and other Vessels, with the necessary Works, from the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near The Flats aforesaid, to communicate with the Sea, will be of very great Advantage to the several Collieries, Iron Mines, and Iron Works in the Neighbourhood, and will also greatly tend to the Cultivation of the Country on the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coal, Iron, Stone, Lime, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners, together with divers other Persons, are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and maintain the said intended Railway or Tram Road, and Dock or Bason, and other Works: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to make such Railway or Tram Road, Dock and Bason, and Pill, under such Powers, and in such Manner, as the House shall deem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Kidwelly I oads Feduoii*

1^1

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Strutt,:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the several Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from in the said County, whereby the said Roads were divided into Two separate Districts, one of which, comprizing several Roads in the said Act, was directed to be called The Kidwelly Dislrid, and separate Trustees were appointed for each District; and that an Act was passed, in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said recited Act, so far as relates to the Road included in the Kidwelly District, and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County; and that the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and made great Progress in repairing and improving such Parts of the said Road as are comprized in the said District, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly repaired and amended, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted; and that such Part of the Roads included in the said District as leads from the Town of Kidwelly to the Ferry of Llanftephan, and from thence, through the Town of Laugharne, to Tav in the Parish of Kiffig, and from the said Town of Laugharne, through a Lane called The Long Lane, to the Upper Ford or Ferry of Laugharne, is now become of little or no public Utility; and it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said Acts, with respect to the said District, should be discharged from the Care and Management of the above-mentioned Part of the said Roads; and that the Road leading from the North Side of a certain Bridge called Ponty-Gibrenlwyd-ar-Gwilly, situate in the

Parish of Llanon, in the said County of Carmarthen, to Pontardulas, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the same County, and from a certain Bridge called Pontyrhendy-ar-Gwilly, in the Parish of Llanedy, to a River called in the same Parish, and within the District called Kidwelly flriEl, and beginning 110 Yards to the North of the said Bridge called Ponty-Gibrenlwyd-ar-Gwilly, and over the Level Ground from thence, in, by, and through, a certain Farm called Gibrenlwyd, the Property of Michael -cott, Esquire, situate in the Parish of Llanon aforesaid, in a direct Line to an old Road, and in, by, and through, such old Road, to, and as far as, a certain Road leading from Pontardulas to Llanelly, and meeting such Road 176 Yards West of a certain Bridge called Pontyrhendy-ar-Gwilly, and from thence over such Bridge to Pontardulas aforesaid, and also from or near such last mentioned Bridge to the River Louchit, in the same Parish of Llanedy, opposite to Uanditofach Church, in the County of Glamorgan, is very ruinous, and, in some Places, so narrow and incommodious, it cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if Powers were granted for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 57.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, Sir James Hamlyn,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Selby Selby Bridge Bridge was presented to the House, and read; Setting et, tl0,* forth, That an Act was made in the 3ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouse from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County; and that the said Company of Proprietors were, by the said Act, authorized to raise and contribute among themselves a competent Sum of Money for building and maintaining the said Bridge, and other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding the Sum of £. 7,000, and in case the same should be found insufficient, they were enabled to raile and contribute any further Sum not exceeding £.3,000; and that the said Company of Proprietors were authorized by the said Act to take and receive, for their Use and Benefit, for Pontage, the several Tolls therein mentioned; and that the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused to be made and built the said Bridge, and other the several Works and Purposes thereby directed to be done and executed, and have therein expended not only the Whole of the said Sums of jf. 7,000 and £. 3,000, but have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Bridge and Works supported and maintained, unless the Tolls, by the said Act authorized to be taken and received, are repealed, and other additional Tolls granted instead thereof; and that the Powers and Provisions in the said Act are in some Respects defective, and it is requisite that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ponsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafcclies, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Petition of the Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, bridge, igainst allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open Giles s and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other inclosurelilL Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge; and Setting forth.

That the said Bill extends to inclose many Waste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, without making sufficient Provision for their Rights, and is, in other Respects, injurious to the Petitioners, and their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as they shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the ^iid Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Comr

mittee.

VJ2

25° Februarii. A. 1802.

mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Bewftone A Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, being iStidwH* the principal Owner and Proprietor of Estates in the Parish of Beverftone, in the County of Gloucester, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish> was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement ( and if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested, great Advantage would be derived therefrom; but the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House have not been given, the Petitioner not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds until the Time for giving Notices, agreeably to the Orders of the House, was elapsed; and that it will be attended with great Loss to the Proprietors of Land in the said Parish, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allotments and Inclosure in this present Session s And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioner may have Leave to give such Notices in the Months of March and April next, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pettruddocke Wyndhatn, the Marquis of Worcester,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tangley A Petition of John Bodntan Vince, Esquire, on Behalf

Petition^ himself and the several other Owners of, and Persons

interested in, the several Common Fields and other Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Tangley, in the County of Southampton, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Rest rift ions as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Geary, Mr. Shaw and Sir William

Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Surrey CoaU A Petition of John Burnett, of the Parish of Christ A«tmeasure- Church, in the County of , and John Church, of

ment etmon. parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was paired, in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both in-clulive, in the County of and that it would

be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Parishes of: Richmond, Saint Mary Newington, and Saint George,

in the Borough of Southwark, all in the County of Surrey, and of public Utility, if Provision were made

to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within those Limits; in like Manner as is directed and provided within the present Limits of the said Act; and that, in order to the better carrying the good Purposes of the said Act into Execution, it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered and amended, and the Term enlarged And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names care thereunto subscribed, being Persons professing the Jewtfb Religion, and denominated German , on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and' read; Setting forth. That within the last Fifty Years the Number of Jews resident in England have considerably increased, a very great Proportion of whom are in very indigent Circumstances; and that, although the Jewish Poor have an equal Right with other Members of the Community to Parochial Relief when in Distress; yet the peculiar Circumstances of their religious Rites and Diet completely shut them out of all Places established for the Relief of the Poor, and the same Cause deprives them (when afflicted with Sickness, or maimed by any Accident) of the Benefit to be derived from medical Aid administered in the different Hospitals in this Metropolis, and prevents the Children of Jews from being bound to mechanical and many other Employments, by which they might be enabled to become useful Members of Society; and that, in the present State of the Class of the Jewish Nation, of whom the Petitioners form a Part, there is no Asylum to which the aged and infirm can resort for Succour and Protection when Debility or Disease assail them, nor any Place for the Education and Maintenance of the Infant Poor; and that the Relief afforded from the Synagogues is, under the present Circumstances, very inadequate; and , for Want of proper Regulations, is inefficiently applied; and that the Petitioners conceive it would be highly advantageous to the Persons denominated German Jews, residing in the City of London and the Bills of Mortality, including Saint Pancras and , if Power

was given to regulate and maintain their Poor, and to promote Industry, and a Knowledge of useful and productive Labour among them, and thereby render them more useful Members of Society than they are, or can be, under their present peculiar Circumstances: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Forjler (from Account*, the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; Presented-and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, .

An Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of Five Exchequer Millions Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted out BlU*-of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1800, after deducting the Sum of Three Millions, being Part of the Sum of Four Millions, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for paying off certain Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of Three Deficiency^ Millions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted out C°pl^d4tei of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1111 '

1801: And also.

An Account of the Exchequer Bills issued in pursu- Exchequer ance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

25° Februarii.

*13

tuled, " An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred " and One."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is inserted in the fXo. 25.) . Appendix to this Volume; and the Two first

are prefen-ed amongst. the other Papers of this Session.

Dr. Smyth's A Petition of James Carmichael Smyth, M. D. being rf vmi on 3 offered to be presented to the House;

Accoimt°of Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted Public the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of Sttvues. the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Stating certain Fadts and Circumstances relative to a Discovery made by the Petitioner respecting the Vapour of the Nitrous Acid, and that it has been proved by Experiment to be one of the most powerful Means of destroying Contagion, whilst, at the same Time, when diffused in any Quantity in the common Atmosphere, it is shewn to be perfectly respirable, and attended neither with Danger nor Inconvenience, and that it is, perhaps, the only Mineral Acid that can be used with Safety in the Apartments of the Sick, and in all Situations where People are necessarily present; that this House were pleated to present an Address to His Majesty in Favour of the Petitioner, on account of his Attendance upon the Spanij Prisoners at Winchcsler; and that the Petitioner has, on various Occasions, been applied to by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and other Public Boards, for his Assistance in Cafes of Contagion existing in the Fleet and public Hospitals, and that his Endeavours have been crowned with Success, not only in this Country, but also on the Continent of Europe-, and that the Petitioner, by devoting so much of his Time to an Object of public Utility, has sacrificed private to public Advantage, and that, in so doing, he has suffered not the Loss of Time only, but of Health and Fortune; and that the Petitioner, for all his Labours, has as yet received no Recompence or Reward; but he looks up to the Justice of the House: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Reward for his Services to the Public, and Loss of Time aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morffing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts, {*c. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an s!lv!C7rfde, Account of all Vessels which have annually cleared out idered. from the Port of Lh>erp for the Coast of Africa, for Slaves, since the ift of January 1796; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Names and Tonnage of the said Vefllls reflectively; together with the Part of the Coast for which inch Vessels l'everally cleared out.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Vessels which arrived in the Indies from Africa with Slaves, since the ift of January 1796; distinguishing each Island and each Year; specifying also the Tonnage of the said Vessels respectively, and ihe Number of the said Slaves re-exported from the said Islands respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Journals of Surgeons of Slave Ships, which have Voi. 57.

been transmitted from the West Indies to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, pursuant to an Act passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited " Time, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and " tinue, for a limited Lime, several of Parliament for " regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " FeJJels from the Coast of Africa."

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be- British ing offered to be presented to the House; pltiUon1

Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from the House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King's Librarian, yearly amounting to about £. 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant such further Support towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, an Account of Account of the several Sums which have been already Briufh11* granted for the Service of the British Museum, and of Museum, the Expenditure thereof. ordered.

A Petition of Henry Greathead, of South Shields, in the Mr. Great-County of Durham, Boat Builder, being offered to be _head s presented to the House; resprfUng his

Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted invention of the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of a *"* BoaU the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That early in the Year 1789 several Ships were wrecked on the Herd Sand, on the South Side of Tynemouth Haven, as frequently had been the same at various Times prior thereto, and also on the Rocks on the North Side of the same Haven, and that no Poffibi-lity then existed of saving the Lives of the Crews in many instances of the Ships so unfortunately driven on Shore, which induced several Gentlemen of South Shields to advertize for Plans and Models of a Boat, and any other Means that might be suggested, for saving the Crews of Ships that should thereafter be so unfortunately situated; and that the Petitioner delivered in a Model of a Boat, and the fame, with his Ideas, being approved of, he was employed to build the first Boat, which first went off in January 1790; and so well has the Boat answered, and indeed exceeded every Expectation, in the most tremendous broken Sea, that since that Time not fewer than Two hundred Lives have been saved at the Entrance of Tyne alone, which other-wile mult have been loft, and in no one Instance has she failed; and that the Petitioner having thus been

Y y instrumental

Petition of Cotton Weaven in ScotUnd.

Fort Marlborough Factory Bill, to be printed.

Committee on

Fxp: dne;

Laws Bill.

174 25* — 2 6°

instru'mental in saving thfc Lives of so many Persons, and the Utility of the Boat being now established, and having derived little or no pecuniary Advantage whatever from the Invention, his Models and Plan having been made public; Therefore praying. That the House will take his same into their Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Reward as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burden, Sir Ralph,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Cotton Manufacturers and Operative Cotton Weavers in , whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under in consequence of the Decrease of Wages, and Setting forth other Causes of their Distress: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and afeer-tainine, from Time to Time, the Price per Yard to be paid for each particular Texture or Fabric, or Work to be performed by the Operative Weavers, or others, employed in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, so as that the same may be fair and adequate between Matter and Workman, and uniformly observed throughout the Trade, or at least for insuring to the Workman, when his Work shall be finished, the Payment of the Price agreed to be paid to him, when he received the Yarn, for the fame; and also, for settling such Disputes as may arise between Matters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland', or that the House will give such Relief to the Petitioners, or do otherwise in the Premises, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East , a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies-, to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the permitting the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of; and to the

allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of -built.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Februarii. . 1802.

Mr. Henry Alexander feported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing) altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the confined Debtors in the Borough Gaol of Liverpool: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Morpeth Gaol, in the County of Northumberland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress; and praying

Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 420 Georgii III,a Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

SIR Martin Brozvne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Fininghamand Gijlingham, in the County of Suffolk, except a certain Plot therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.41. 15^. 10 per Annum, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 49. 16 8 per Annum,

who were neuter; and also, the Owners of Estates allefled at £.19. 13*. 4 d.per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax, at £. 1,294. i6r. 7 d.per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bil!;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition

Canterbury and Sandwich Rond Bill, passed.

Liverpool and Morpeth Debtors Petitions,

Finingham and Gillingham Inclosure Bill, reported, and re-committed.

42 Geo. III.

i6° Februanu

'IS

ttph-l! tiiclo- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are liut Petition, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of Tenements, commonly called Old-Auster, or ancient Tenements, and of Estates, Lands, and Premises, within the Parish of , in the County of Sotoerfet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, which, in theif present State, are incapable df any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific.Shares thereof set out and allotted to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Gore , and Mr.

Dickinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sne.iton Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

inciofure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the rtpone . Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Snea-ton, in the North Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

F.tton inclo- A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, sure petition. Pastures, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Etton, in the Parish of Elton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds arc computed to contain, in the Whole, about 2,240 Acres, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafeelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fast and West A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti-

Fens inclosure tion of the several other Persons, whose Names are there-Fetitkn'^ unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the last Session, for dividing and allotting certain Fens called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln, by which the said Fens were directed to be divided and allotted into parochial and other general Allotments; and that it would be highly beneficial to the Persons interested, if the Lands and Grounds contained in such parochial or other general Allotments were specifically divided and allotted, in Severalty, to and amongst: the Vol. 57.

several Persons interested, the Allotments inclosed, and the several Tythe Owners compensated for the Tythes thereof; and also if Provision was made for declaring and determining in what Parishes the same Allotments, and also the Land authorised to be sold by the Commissioners under the said recited Act, shall be deemed to lje and be charged with parochial Dues and Duties; and that it is apprehended when the said Lands and Grounds are so divided, allotted, and inclosed; the same will be inhabited; and that from the great Extent thereof several of the Inhabitants will be so far distant from any Church or Chapel, that it will be necessary to erect one or more Chapel or Chapels for Divine Worship, and to endow the same with a sufficient annual Income or Incomes out of the said Lands and Grounds, for one or more Minister or Ministers to perform Divine Worship therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills forreffecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafeelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Humphrey OJbaldeston, Esquire, on Behalf West Flot-of himself and John Woodall, Esquire, who are entitled, in undivided Shares, to the Township, Hamlet, or Estate, ° called West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township or Hamlet, several ancient and new inclosed Lands and Grounds, computed to contain, in the Whole, upwards of 640 Acres, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, and to be exonerated from the future Payment of which, would be a considerable Advantage to the respective Owners of the same Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extinguishing the Tythes arising in, over, upon, or in respect of all the Lands and Grounds within the said Township or Hamlet, and for making a Compensation or Equivalent for or in Lieu of the same, or for introducing such Clause or Clauses as may be necessary for effecting the fame, into any Bill or Bills which may be brought in for the Purpose of dividing and inclosing any Lands or Grounds within the Parish of Folkton aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Liverpool and thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and ^a0r^te others, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, Gentle- petition, men, Merchants, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from Tranmore Poole Ferry, The Woodside Ferry, and The Rock Fdrry, opposite to the great trading Town and Port of Liverpool, to the Towns of Necton and Parkgate, and to The Great Ferry into Flintshire and North Wales, over Stourlon Heath, and also the Road from the said Poole Ferry to Moretcn and Saughall Mafjie, through,

leading to Hoylake Hall, and also a Branch through Upper and Lower Bebbington, are in a very bad State of Repair, owing to the Narrowness of them, as well as being very circuitous and incommodious for Travellers, and particularly so to the present daily Royal Mail Coach passing between Chester and Liverpool, through the said Town of Necton, for the Conveyance of the Irish Mail, as well as for all other Carriages and Horles, and cannot be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and if Powers

were

\Vnmtlnw Bridge and Congletoii Road Bill, commuted*

Surridge Hill, &c. Railway Petition*

Churcham

Inclosure

Petition.

176 26° FebruariL

were given for repairing, widening, and improving the interested, they might be Very considerably improved i fame, it would be of Advantage to all Persons travelling And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to thereon, and otherwise be of great public Utility, to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner facilitate the Intercourse between the great Port of as to the House shall leern meet.

Liverpool, Park gate, Chester, North Wales, Shropshire, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

their Adjacencies: And therefore praying, That Leave suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pur- Blackburnof Admiral Berkeley, and the poles before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under Marquis of , do prepare, and bring in, the

such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall fame.

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. AJlieton Smith reported from the Committee, to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names leport°d. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of shall appear to them, to the House: Estates in the several Parishes Or Places of Bangor,

And it is referred to Mr. Creme, Mr. Cholmondeley, Llandega

fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, DolzvyddPenmaclino, and in at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; the County of Carnarvon, and Llanrzvft, Yfpytty, and and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Llanyfydd, in the County of Denbigh, was referred; That Records. the Committee had examined, and' found that the

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, widening the Road from Wilmfiozv Bridge, in Wilmfow, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and in the County of Chester, through Nether Alder lev and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Town of Congleton, to or near Hie Red Bull, in Church the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Lawton, in the said County, was read a Second To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Time. Thomas Lloyd being examined, said. That the Road

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, leading from, or nearly from, Bangor Ferry, in the County Mr. Cholmondeley, &c.: And they are to meet this of Carnarvon, through in the same County,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's to or near to Penlre in the Parish of Llanyfydd,

Chamber. in the County of Denbigh, is greatly out of Repair, cir-

cuitous, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; that if the read: Setting forth. That the making and maintaining said Road were properly amen led, widened, and im-of a Railway from a certain Place called SurridgeHill, proved, and the Course thereof in lbme Parts varied or in His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the County of altered, it would be productive ol considerable Benefit Gloucester, through the extra-parochial Lands of the said and Advantage to the Petitioners and others. Owners Forest, and through the Par.lhes of Nezvland and Ruar- and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, dean, in the said County, to the River Wye, at a certain and of great public utility, more especially by forming Place called Lidbrooke, in the same County, will not a nearer and better Communication between by

only open an easy and commodious Communication the Way of Holyhead and London, Bath, Bristol, and the between the said River and the Coal Pits, Mines, Quar- intermediate Places.

ries, and Iron Works, on the Northern Side of the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Forest, whereby the Conveyance of C^al and other amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair,

Minerals from the said Forest, for the Supply o; tneCity the Road leading from, or nearly from, of Hereford, the Town of Monmouth, and the Counties Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of of Hereford and Monmouth, will be greatly facilitated, Carnarvon, to, or near to, Voelas, in the Parish of

and rendered less expensive, but will also, in other Re- Llamifydin the County of Denbigh: And that Mr. spefts, be of great public Utility; and that the Peti- Ashelon Smith and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and tioners are willing and desirous, at their own Coils, to bring in, the fame, begin, cany on, complete, and maintain, such Railway: And therefore praying. That Leave may be A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Hay-

given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes market and its Vicinity, lying in the Parishes of Haymarket, aforesaid. James and Saint Martin in the Fields, was presented to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the Third, for paving and regulating the said shall appear to them, to the House: and that, since the passing of the said Act, the Western

And it is reterred to Air. Biddu/ph, Mr. William Part of the Aletropolis has considerably increased in Taylor, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Alorn- Buildings and Inhabitants, which has consequently very ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- greatly increased the Consumption of Hay and Straw in ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and that Part of the Aletropolis which is supplied with those Records. Articles from the Haymarket; and that the said Street is

the moll principal Avenue from the new Buildings in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Blary-le-bone to the Two Houses of Parliament, and the thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands Courts of Law in Hall, and it is found by

within the Parish of Churcham, in the County of Glou- Experience, that the Place set apart for the Sale of refer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Hay and Straw is too. confined, and, from the crowded, forth. That there is, within the said Parish, a large Tract State thereof on die Days appointed for holding the of Walie Ground, called Birdzvood, and certain ether fame, much Danger, Alifchief, and Inconvenience, is Waste Grounds and Commonable and intermixed occasioned to Persons passing and re-passing the said Lands, which are inconveniently situated for the lm- Street, and to the Inhabitants of the fame; and that provement thereof; and if the same were divided into the Removal of the Market for the Sale of Hay and f'petific Shares, and- allotted to and amongst the Persons Straw, from the Street called The Haymarket, to some 7 more

Tan eras Paving Petition

Whitehavfcn

Harbour

Petition.

42 Geo. Ill*

a 6° Februariu

177

more convenient and extensive Scite, would be of considerable Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Street, as well as to the Parishioners of the said Parishes, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of certain small Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Patterns, in the County of Middlesex, in Part built upon, and the Residue designed for Building, not comprized in any Act for paving, watching, lighting, or cleansing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, in the last Session, for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other public Passages and Places, which were and should be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint , in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Dowager Baroness of Southampton; and that there are, adjoining to the Ground comprized in the said Act, certain other small Plots of Ground belonging to the Petitioners and other Persons, in Part built upon, and the Residue intended for Building, which are not comprized in any Act for paving, watching, lighting, or cleansing; and that it would be for the Benefit of the Petitioners to have the said Act extended, so as to comprize such Plots of Ground above-mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Powers of the said Act to the said Plots or Parcels of Ground, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees of the Harbour of , in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have been passed for preserving, enlarging, and improving, the said Harbour, and Trustees were appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution; and they were authorized to collect certain Rates and Duties for that Purpose, laid upon Coals and Merchandize imported and exported at, and Shipping using the said Harbour; and that the' Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the Trull re-posed in them, and from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, but the said Harbour being improved, they were enabled to pay off a great Part of the Debt they had contracted as aforesaid, and a large Sum of Money ltill remained in their Hands; and that, in the Year 1798, a voluntary Contribution being set on Foot for the Aid and Assistance of Government, towards carrying on the War against the Enemies of Great Britain, the Trustees thought themselves authorized to pay out of the Money then in their Hands the Sum of £.2,000 to such Subscription, but Doubts have since been suggested, whether they had Authority so to apply that Money; the Petitioners, however, hope that the House will think the Trustees who directed such Application of the Money for so good and laudable a Purpose, should be indemnified for having so done; and that l'ome Doubts have arisen on the Validity of the Elections of the Trustees between the Year Vol. 57.

1710 and the Year 1796, and it is expedient such Doubts should be removed, and the Mode of appointing Trustees in future clearly ascertained; and that the said Acts also require Amendments and Alterations, and Additions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sc. c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Alston, of in the Petition of

County of Kent, Butcher, was presented to the House, ^!fton -and read; Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the last sheemeffpier Session, for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of anil Paving Sheppy, in the County of Kent, for ascertaining, imposing, Act* and recovering certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the said Pier; for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness) called Blue Town and Mile Town, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and that the Manor of Minster, with other Premises, were fold, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, on or about the 24th of May 1799, when the Petitioner became the Purchaser thereof at the Price of £.5,234.; and that the said Manor lies to the Eastward of the Town of,

and extends along the Sea from Sanders Brook up to the Fort or Garrison of Sheerness, and the Ballast, Stones,

Sand, and other Materials on the Shore between Sanders Brook and the Fort or Garrison of Sheerness, are the Property of the Petitioner as Lord of the said Manor, by virtue of the said Purchase; and that the Owners of the said Manor have, Time out of Mind, enjoyed the exclu-five Right of getting such Ballast, and other Materials, upon nich Shore, and have received Rent from divers Persons for permitting them to get the lame; but the Commissioners under the before-mentioned Act, by virtue of the Power and Authority given them to take and carry away Ballast, Stones, and other Materials from the Sea Beach, within or near the Limits of the said Act, without paying any Thing for the fame, have, since the passing of the said Act, carted and taken away from the said Shore great Quantities of Ballast, Stones, Sand, and other Materials, for the Purpose of the said Act, without paying any Thing for the fame; and that the Profits to arise to the Petitioner from such exclusive Right was one of the Petitioner's Motives for purchasing the said Manor; and that the Petitioner hath laid out and expended upwards of £. 150, in making a Waggon Road to the said Shore, which the Commissioners under the said Act have, from the great Quantities of Ballast, and other Materials, they have daily, for some Time past, carted and taken away from the said Shore, rendered almost impassable, to the great Detriment of the Petitioner, as he will necessarily be obliged, at his own Expence, to repair and amend the fame; and that the Petitioner had not any Information of the Contents of the said Act, and had not the least Suspicion, until after the same was passed, that it contained any such Powers as are before mentioned, or that it would affect the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief, either by repealing the said Clause, or so much thereof, as authorizes the Commissioners

Z z under

26° Februarii.

A. 1802.

Clutlum Foot Petition.

under (he said Act to take Stones, Ballast, Sand, and other Materials from that Part of the Sea Shore which lies within the Petitioner's said Manor, without paying any Thing for the fame, or by such other Means as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants, Owners,

have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid oft', nor tire said Roads effectually repaired, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public if the said Trustees were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a certain Branch of Road from Tot ley aforesaid, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, along the Foot or Southwardly Side of certain Woods within the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, called Ec clef all Mlln to join and com-

was prtTented to the House, and read; Setting forth, municate with the present Turnpike Road from That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County

are maintained and supported at a great and burthen- of York, at, or near to, a certain Place between in

some Expence to the Inhabitants; and that the present the said County of York, and Sheffield aforesaid, called Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is not sufficiently Goose Green, near High Field-, and all'o, another Branch large to contain the said Poor with proper Accommoda- of Road from the present Toll Bar on the High Moors tion, and is therefore very inconvenient and prejudicial called by a certain Cupola called Mr.

to their Health and Comfort; and if Power was given to Cupola, and from thence along a ltoad called The Cupola enlarge the said Workhouse, or to build or provide addi- Road, to join and communicate with the present Turn-tional Buildings for the Accommodation of the said pike Road from Chesterfield aforesaid to Bakewell, in the Poor, and to furnish and regulate the fame, and to said County of Derby, at or near to Bajlow, in the same govern and employ them, and to raise Monies sufficient County; And therefore praying, That Leave may be for those Purposes by Annuities or otherwise, the Rates given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes afore-for the Relief of the Poor would be rendered much less laid, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations, as burthensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be better to the House shall seem meet.

maintained and provided for: And therefore praying. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-poses aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regula- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall tions, as to the House shall seem meet. appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.;

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- . And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Sunbury Rafl-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of way Pcuun"

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Lands in the County of Surrey, was presented to the

Records.

Can ford Magna inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others^ being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in

Norton and H.ithe rlage Hoads Petition.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Railway for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from or near the River Thames, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of to or near

tJ , the Town of Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey,

the Parish of Canford Magna, in the County of Dorset, passing through the Parishes or Townships of West was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Moulsey, Walton upon Thames, Cobham, Stoke D'Abernon,. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Common LittleBookham, Great Bookham, and Fete ham, all in the Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, which, in County of Surrey, with a necellar)' Cut and Bason for their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would the Accommodation of the said Railway, in the Parish be advantageous to the Persons interested if the same of West Moulsey aforesaid, will not only tend to facilitate, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof and render less expensive, the Conveyance of Coals, Corn, allotted them, and such Allotments inclosed: And and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Metropolis and Parts adjacent, and to the Towns and in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regula- Places through or near which the aforesaid Railway will tions and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet. pals, but will also be the Means of promoting the Cul-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- tivation of many Thousands of Acres of Waste and luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Common Lands, and cause a great Improvement of the Jodrell, Mr. Morton Pitt, and Mr. Francis John Browne, County of Surrey, by the ealy and cheap Conveyance of do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Manures, and likewise be of great public Advantage:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Man- . thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, seem meet.

and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-pairing, widening, and altering the Road from the pre- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall lent Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, appear to them, to the House: in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, through the feve- And it is referred to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Mainwaring, ral Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hathersage; and &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at also the Road from the Road leading from Chesterfield to Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Hernstone Lane Head, near Stoney Middleton, to Tot ley. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, through the several Parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hather-

sage, and Dronfield, all in the said County; and that the Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Alben Nat. 'lruftees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bin, reported,

for and passe<1*

for naturalizing 'Johann Henrick was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kempfton Mr. Osborn presented to the House, according to presented. ' Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempfton, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rinxworth A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition? thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable Lands or other Hereditaments within the Parish of Hinxworth, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any copsiderable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Proprietors if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, and if, in Consideration of a proper Compensation, all the Lands in the said Parish, as well open as indofed, were discharged from Tythes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Uttoxeter and Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Road*1* Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trufe Petition, tees for putting in Execution Three several Acts, for

reported. repairing and widening the Road from the Town of

Uttoxeter to the Town of , in the County of

Stafford, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape , in the Village of Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, and also from Lotver Lane to Hembeath, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as.it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts of the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Brandon being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, for the Second District of Road leading from the Town of Uttoxeter, to the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Stafford, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Roads in the said Second District, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the respective Terms comprized in the several Acts be continued, and the Exemptions for Payment of Tolls at certain Gates therein described, called The Spath and Lane End Gates, be taken off, and the Vol. £7*

laid Toll Gate at Lane End be removed, and new

Powers given to the Trustees, and those given to them

by the former Acts be altered and enlarged, so far as the fame relate to the said Roads called The Second,

and from Cl iffc Bank to Snape M; and also from

Lower Lane to Hemheath aforesaid. — And the Witness

being further examined, said. That the Road leading from Newcastle-under-Lyne to Shelton, in the County of

Stafford, is, in its present State, very circuitious, dangerous,

and inconvenient to Travellers, and the same cannot be

shortened, amended, and repaired, by the ordinary Course

of Law; and that a much shorter and more convenient

Way may be made from Newcastle-under-L aforesaid,

from the said Turnpike Road between Uttoxeter and

Newcastle-under-Lyne, at a Place called The Old Leek

Road Lane, to the Village of Shelton, through certain

Lands in the several Paiilhes of Newcastle-under-Lyne,

IVolftanton, and Stoke-upon-Trent, in the said County of Stafford, containing in Length Three hundred and Sixty Roods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of castle-under-Lyme, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hem , all in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the said Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, to the Village of Shelton, in the said County: And that Lord Granville Leveson Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Perfops, whose Names are chudleigh thereunto subscribed, Part of whom are Creditors, and Road* Part are Trustees, of the several Turnpike Roads lead- c.tltion ing from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the same County, and from Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bushell, and from thence to Forches, otherwise Forges Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the ift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the Trustees appointed by and under the Authority of the said several, Acts, have proceeded in widening and repairing the said Roads, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed at Interest on the Credit of the respective Tolls thereof, which, together with the Toils, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, and the Monies borrowed as aforesaid, or the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the 16th-Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said respective Tolls increased; -and that it is expedient, for the better Management and Regulation of the said Roads, that Powers should be given to divert and turn the same from Ashburton towards Brent Bridge, through the Parish of Rattery, in the said County of Devon-, and also to comprize the Road leading from Moors Barn to the End of M'hitehill Lane, In the said Parish of Highweek, within the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts; and also, that it will be much for the Benefit and Advantage of Persons travelling the said Road, that Power should be given to erect and continue Lamps, and light that Part of the said Road which runs through the said Town of -

burton.

1S0 $6° Febfuafii. A. 180a.

Banbury

Church

Pttuion.

Kollc's Nat.

Bill,

presented.

Edinburgh

Police

Petition.

burton, being the direct Road (rora Exeter to Plymouth: bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Manner as to the House shall seem meet. Or, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do eka-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it appear to them, to the House: shall appear to them, to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

And it is referred to Mr. Porter, Mr. Newbolt, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons theretinto subscribing, Stirling arid A Petition of the Trustees for putting into Execu- Owners of Land in the Counties of Clackmannan, Stir-tion an Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and litig, Perth, and was presented to the House, and Bridges Tower, belonging to the Parffli of Banbury, in the read; Setting forth. That the Road from Pet, Uon*

County of Oxford, and for re-building the lame, was near Stirling, along the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and on presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the North Side of the Devon, towards the Village of the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the Powers con- Dollar, and from a Point near that Village across the tained in the said Act, made Sale and disposed of the River Devon, and by West Saline and Qrofsfoord, till it Estates in the said Act mentioned, and also borrowed joins the Turnpike Road leading from to

the Sum of £. 6,000, and have applied the Monies Queensfe and the Branches of the above Road from arising by such Sale, and the said Sum of £. 6,000, for Tillicoultry Gate to the Town of Alloa, and from the the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but the same Village of Dollar, or near it, till it joins the present have proved inadequate for the re-building the said Turnpike Road from Alloa to (and which Roads

Church, and a considerable Debt has been contrafted; pals through the County of Clackmannan, and a small and that for Want of a further Sum, the said Church Part of the Counties of Perth and Fife, and through is still unfinished, and the Petitioners are unable to the Parishes of Stirling, Logie, Alva, Tillicoultry, complete the same, or to discharge the said Debt: And Saline, Carnock, Dunfermline, , Alloa, Muck-

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring hart, and are circuitous, narrow, in bad Re-

in a Bill to enable them to raise. the further Sum of pair, dangerous, and inconvenient to Travellers, and it £.5,000, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into would be a great Benefit to the Agriculture, Commerce,

Execution, and discharging the said Debt, or such other and Improvement of the said Counties, if a proper Sum as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid. Road of sufficient Breadth were made in the Line above-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mentioned, and if a Bridge were built across the River Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- of Devon, and in other Places of the aforesaid Line of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Road, and if the said Road and Bridges were kept in shall appear to them, to the House: Repair, but for doing which there are not sufficient

Anil it is referred to Mr. Newbolt, Mr. Dudley North, Funds and Authority under the exilting Statutes; and

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at that a reasonable Composition in Money, in Lieu of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have actual Labour, is in many Places found to be more Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient '

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henrich Performance; and it would therefore be of Advantage Kolle: And the same was received; and read the First to the said County of Clackmannan, and to the Parish Time. of Alva, in the County of Stirling, and the Parishes

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of Logie and Muckhart, in the County of Perth, to con-

vert the Statute Services into Money, and to ascertain A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and the Rates thereof, and the Mode of-levying the fame.

Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and and to authorize an additional Assessment than that at in Behalf of the Community of the said City, was pre- present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, and other Persons in the said County of Clackmannan, owing to the great Extension of the City of Edinburgh, and the Parishes aforesaid in Stirling and Perth Shires, and its Environs, the Lives and Property of the Inha- for making Highways and Bridges in the lame: And bitants are not properly protested, and it will be expe- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in dient to employ Watchmen, and to raise Money fufii- a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, under such cient lor supporting such an Establishment by an equal Regulations as to the House shall lcem meet.

Tax upon the Inhabitants, and to give the Petitioners, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and others, who may be named Commissioners, Powers Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine for carrying such an Establishment into Execution, and the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear for making additional Regulations relative to certain to them, to the House:

Articles of Police, and enforcing the Observance of And it is referred to Mr. Fordyce, Mr. William Dundas,

them; and that a Plan is now prepared for a Number &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine-of Streets, Squares, &c. on Grounds adjacent to th# of the Clock, in the*Speaker's Chamber; and have Power City, Part of which are without the Royalty, and it to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, will be expedient to have the Royalty extended over

the Whole; and that, in order to open and complete A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Mer- Klrkcud- the elegant Street of York Place, it will be necessary to chants, and others, whose Names are thereunto fub-purchase feme Grounds and Houses on the East End feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting thereof; and that the Tax at present imposed for keep- forth. That by a Survey lately taken, it appears a Canal, ing up and repairing the Roads within the Toll Bars, Cut, or Navigation, can easily be made navigable for under the Management of Trustees for the Middle Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Boat Pool District of Roads in the County of Edinburgh, is too of Dairy, in the Parish of that Name, in the small, and it would be expedient to raise a greater Sum: through Part of the said Parish, and through thp

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Parishes of Balmaclellan, Parton, Kelt on, and

6

2 Geo. III. 26° Februariii 18 i

Kirkcudbright, to or near a Place called Upper Carse, and from thence to the Tideway at or near the Dock of the Town of Kirkcudbright, all in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; and that the making such Cut or Canal, and all'o such proper Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to the lame, as may be found necessary, will be of great Advantage to the Commerce, Manufactures, and Agriculture, carried on in that Part of the Country, and to the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Ixave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the kune, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. FMr. William &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the United Kingdom, and of the Principality of Wales, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Secretary at War (by His Majesty's-Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Improvement of the Communication between E.nglandand Ireland on the Boundaries of the Counties of Carnarvon and in the Great

Road to and from Holyhead, is an Object of great public Importance, as it tends to facilitate the Intercourse between both Parts of the United Kingdom; and that the Passage of Porthaetlnvy over the Arm of the

Sea between the said Counties, called Streights of Meuai, is generally attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger, to Persons travelling with Ma iis and Dispatch.es between England and Ireland, and to all otb.er Persons having Occasion to pass and repals that Way; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a late and convenient Bridge may be erected acrol's the said Streights between the said Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, at the Swcl Rocks, near to the said

Ferry, and the said Great Road to and from Ireland, of such Form at)d Construction as not to prevent the Passage of Ships and Vessels navigating upon or through the said Streights; and that the eroding of a safe and convenient Bridge over the said Streights, and opening and making proper Turnpike Roads to and from each End of such Bridge, to join and communicate with the High Road to and from Ireland, in the Parish of Bangor, in the County of Carnarvon, and the Turnpike Road leading from the said Ferry, to the Town of Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey, will be of considerable Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to Travellers, and of great public Utility, as the present Delays, Inconveniencies, and Dangers, would thereby be effectually avoided; but the Petitioners apprehend that the necessary Expence thereof cannot be defrayed by Means of any-Tolls or Duties thereon, without a further Assistance from the Bounty of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring.in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such V. ays and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House fin ail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition 'be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Asheton Smith, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at rsine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Vol. 57.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the United Kingdom, and of the Principality of being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Secretary at War (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the -Improvement of the Line of Communication between Cliefer, Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield, Fork, and all the North Country Manufacturing and Commercial Towns of Great Britain, as well as of Scotland, and that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, by the Way of Holyhead, through the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon, is an Object of great public Importance, as it would tend to facilitate the Intercourse between both Parts of the United Kingdom; and that the Passage over Conway River, called Conway Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, is generally attended with very great Delay and Inconvenience,1 and frequently with Danger, to all Persons travelling over the said Ferry with Mails and Diipatches between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass and repass that Way; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a safe and convenient Bridge may be crafted across the River Comvay from Conway Crfle, or the Rock adjoining it, in the Parish of Conway, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of both

in the hid County of Carnarvon, of such' Form and Construction as not to prevent the Passage of Ships and Vessels navigating upon the said River, whereby the present Inconveniencies, Delays, and Dangers, may be effectually avoided; and that the eroding of a safe and convenient Bridge over the said River, and opening and making proper Roads from -each End of the said Bridge, to join and communicate with the present Turnpike Roads, will be of considerable Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to Travellers, and of great public Utility; but the Petitioners apprehend that the necessary Expence thereof cannot be defrayed by Means of any Tolls or Duties thereon, without a further Assistance from the Bounty of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr.

Smith, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1S02 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Pi antations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 6i Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of March 1802 to

the 24th of May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fericible Infantry for Service in the United Kingdom of Great

3 A Britain

Conway Bridge and Roaus Petition.

Estimates presented s

Guards and Gar ri ions.

Forces in Plantations, &c.

Recruiting for Troops in East India.

Fer.cihle

Infantry.

j8s

2d6 Februarii.

A. 1802.

Britain and Ireland, from the 25 th March 1802 to thd 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Birnck Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments Dqartminits. in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, irom the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also.

Foreign Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service

Corr* of Great Britain, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note. — The laid Estimates were withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the ill of March, as not having been laid before the House in the usual Manner.

11 m!n't Pet, tion of the Hibernian Mine Company, being

Company* offered to be presented to the House,

Petition. - Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Proprietors of a Copper Mine called T Mine, situate at Ballymurtagh, in the Parish of Cry He. Mac Adam, and County of Wick low, in Ireland, and had, previous to the Rebellion of 1798, expended upwards of 60,000 in bringing the Works of the said Mine to Perfection, which were at that Period in a State of pro-grelfive Profit to the Petitioners; and that, at the Time of the breaking out of the Rebellion in May 1798, the Petitioners, having a large Quantity of Gunpowder at their Works, for the Purpose of carrying the same on, by blasting Rocks, and other necessary Works, under Ground, it was thought prudent, by the General Officer commanding His Majesty'sTroops in that Quarter, that the Powder and Iron Tools should be removed; and they were accordingly taken, by a Party of the Antrim Militia, from the Works, and conveyed into the Town of Rath-drum, where they were detained by the Troops for upwards of Eighteen Months; and that, upon the Removal of the Powder and Iron Tools from the Works, the Petitioners were compelled to flop the Working of the Mines, and in consequence thereof, the Water very loon completely flooded them, and the different Houses and Storchouses at Arkloto, contiguous to the said Mines, and belonging thereto, were occupied as Polls and Barracks for His Majesty's Forces; and that, in the' Month of October 1798, the Legislature of Ireland palfed an Act, appointing Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses sustained by His Majesty's loyal Subjects in the said Rebellion, and did thereby limit the Time for making such Claims to a Period of Six Months from the passing of the said Act, videlicet, to the 6th Day of April 1799; and the Commissioners appointed by the said Act did forthwith ilfuc Instructions to Persons intending to claim, whereby they directed, that the Claimant should swear, that he or they had sustained Losses to a certain Amount, and that they should specify the several Articles, and the Value of each respectively, and how such Loss was sustained; and by an Act, passed in the following Session, the Time of putting in Claims was extended from the 1 ft of to the 1 ft of July 1799, on giving a satisfactory Reason for the same not having been put in before; but, by the said last mentioned Act, no Claim could be received, under the second Limitation, to a greater Amount than One Hundred Pounds, lave and except the Claims of certain Persons therein particularly mentioned; and that, from the Nature of the Injury sustained in the Property of the Petitioners, and from the Situation of that Part of the Country where the said Mine lies, it was totally im-

possible for the Petitioners to have put in a Claim pursuant to the Instructions issued by the said Commissioners, for, the Mine having become flooded, it w'as hecessary the same should be cleared of the Water, before it could be ascertained what Injury had been sustained; iand, from the continued disturbed State of the Country; owing to the Hordes of Rebels and Outlaws which infefted the Mountains contiguous to the Works, the Officer commanding the District thought it not prudent , to permit the Company to have their Powder back again, left it should fall into the Hands of the Rebels; by which Means it became impracticable for the Petitioners to proceed to clear the Mines until the latter End of 1799, when the Petitioners proceeded with all the Diligence and Dispatch in their Power, but the same could not be effected until the Month -of March

1800, the Mine being full Eighty Fathom below the:

Surface of the Earth; and that, in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, an Act was palfed, whereby it was enacted, that in every same where any Claimant had been prevented from preferring his Claim before the said 1 ft Day of July 1799, by Absence from Ireland, or by any unforeseen or unavoidable Accident, without wilful Neglect in themselves, and that the fame, together with the special Causes of such Omission, should be proved, on Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, the Claim of every such Person Ihculd be received by the said Commissionere, and should be of the same Effect as if tire same had been offered before the said ift Day of July, provided that such Claim be made within Three Months from the passing of the said Act, and that the said Claimant's same should, in every other Respect, be conformable to the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners did prefer a Claim to the Commissioners for their Losses, in consequence of the Rebellion, the Expence and Charge of restoring and repairing the Mines, and the Loss they sustained, by the same being rendered useless for a Period of Twenty-one Months; and in the said Claim did state, as a Reason for not claiming before, the utter Impossibility of the Petitioners ascertaining their Loss, so as to put in their Claim within the Periods before-mentioned, videlicet, the 6th of April 1799. or the ill Day of July 1799, pursuant to the Acts passed for . that Purpose; and that, on the 5th Day of November

1801, the said Commissioners published a List of Claims admitted for hearing, under the last mentioned Act, in which the Sum of One Hundred Pounds only is allowed to the Petitioners, accompanied with an Observation, that the Claim was for a greater Sum than One 1 iundred Pounds, but the Commissioners did not feel themselves empowered, under the last mentioned Act, to admit it to a greater Amount than One Hundred Pounds; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Commissioners did thereby admit, that the Reason given by the Petitioners for not claiming before was sufficient, and as coming within that Description so clearly pointed out by the said Act, as arising from unforeseen and unavoidable Accident, and not from any wilful Neglect or Default in themselves; and that, if they had felt themselves authorized, they would have granted the Petitioners an adequate Remuneration for their Lolfes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the said Commissioners to review and examine the Claim of the Petitioners, and to grant such Recompence for the Petitioners Lolfes as the said Commissioners shall, under the peculiar Circumstances of the Cafe, think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto Faiticnof subscribed, being several of His Majesty's Coroners, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of the lion of Fees, several Counties and Liberties within and Wales,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Office of Coroner is an ancient, honourable,

in.!

freane Fonefl Railway Petition.

Accounts

prcicnlcds

Vrfitls engaged in the Trade with America.

42 Geo. III. 26° Februarii.

183

and necessary Office, and the Duties belonging thereto are great and manifold, and require peculiar Diligence and Integrity in the Execution thereof; and that the Fee of 20J. for taking each Inquisition, and a Mile, from their own Homes only for Travelling Expences, as settled by an Act passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty (being upwards of Fifty Years ago), are, on Account of the Decrease of the Value of Money, and the advanced Price of every Necessary of Life, as well as the Charges for travelling, very inadequate to the Expences which Coroners are subject to in order to the punctual and faithful Observance of the Duty of their Office; and that the Coroners are required, and do actually attend at the several Assizes and Quarter Sessions, for which no Fee* Recompence, or Compensation for Expences, or Loss of Time, is provided by the said Act, or by any other Means whatsoever; and that, in Addition to the Causes before-mentioned, the present Duties upon Hprl'es and Carriages of every Denomination, fall heavy on those Coroners, who; on Account of their Districts being large, are obliged to keep Horses and Carriages for enabling them to execute their Offices with that Dispatch and Alacrity which is indispentibly necessary for the Service of the Public; and that the Coroners in general are subject to various other Expences and Inconveniencies, which, they trull, it is unnecessary for them to enumerate: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for granting an Augmentation of the present Fees paid to Coroners for the due Execution of their Offices in the taking of Inquisitions, and for such additional Allowance for their Travelling Expences, as also for their Loss of Time and Expences in attending the said Assizes and Sessions, to be paid out of the County Rates, or by such other Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Railway from certain Colleries (called Ketch Con and Park End Old Engine) in the Forest of at or near

a Place called Pa-k End, through the Extra-parochial Lands of the said Forest, and through the Parishes of Nezv/and and Lidney, in the County of to the

River Severn, at or near a Place called Lidney Pill, within the said Parish of Lidney, will not only open an easy and commodious Communication between the said River and the Coal Pits, Mines, Quarries, and Iron Works, on the Eafiern and Southern Sides of the said Forest, whereby the Conveyance of Coal, Iron Ore, Lime Stone, and Iron, from the said Forest to the River Severn, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive, but will also, in other Respects, be of great public Utility; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous, at their own Cofcs, to begin, complete, and maintain such Railway: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efi'edling the Purposes aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Marquis of

Worcester,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspecflor General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, which have cleared out from Britain to

VOL.57.

the United States of America, in the Years ending 5th January 1800 and 1801; also, for the Three Years preceding the 5th January 1793; distinguishing from

Foreign Vessels, and also dillinguilhingeach Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and their D® Tonnage, which have entered Inwards at the several Ports of Great Britain from the United States of America, in the Years ending the 5th January 1800 and 1801; also, for the Three Years preceding the 5th Day of January 1793; distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and also dillinguithing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Duties paid for the last Two Duties on Years on all Printed Books imported into this Kingdom; ^0 ' distinguishing between those bound, and those not bound.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by (he Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst

the other Papers of this Session; and the Two Append*, first are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 26.)

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition of Booksellers and Printers of the Cities of London and &c°rerpeaing Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Duty on which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of this Inllant February, and then ordered to lie upon Committee, the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, &c.:'And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of William Desmond, of New Palace Yard, Petition of being offered to be presented to- the House, fora^eward *

Mr. Bragge (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted for his Dif-

the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath obtained His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent for a new Mode or Process, introduced by him, of Tanning all forts of Hides and Skins, by which Process, Leather, of a Quality equal, if not superior, to the bell hitherto known, is manufactured in about as many Days as it generally requires Months to tan it well in the usual way, and with considerably less Expence of Labour; and that, conceiving, from the Experience of several others, as well as his own, during feme Years, that great Advantages, both Commercial and Financial, might be derived from the general Adoption of this Process, and that it would be a valuable Improvement on so important a Branch of the Trade of the Country as that of Leather, ' the Petitioner submitted his Views on the Subject to the Consideration of the Lords of the Committee of Council for Trade; and that their Lordships, having investigated the Matter with that Attention which its apparent Importance required, were convinced, from the Testimonies, now in their Possession, of several eminent Tanners, Cordwainers, and others, acquainted with the Subject, of the Advantages of the new Process, and of the Necessity of rendering it public, and would have recommended it much sooner to the Lc-giflature had they received the Report of the London Tanners and Curriers

rdpedting

184

respectUng the Amendments which they might with to be made in the Stat. x fames I, c. 22, which Report their Lord ships had often called for, and long expected; but this Report was obtained only a few Days before the End of the lull Session of Parliament; and that under these Circumstances, and in order to avoid any further Loss of Time, the Petitioner, with the Approbation and Assistance of Gentlemen as distinguished for their Knowledge in Matters of this Nature, as for their Zeal for the Service of the Country', relblved to lay his Patent open to the Public; to this End, printed Directions for Tanning, according to the new Process, have been sent to every Part of the Country, Advertisements have been infcrtecl in the public Papers, inviting and authorizing all the Tanners in the United Kingdom to practise the lame, offering them any further Explanations they might wish for on the Subject, and even the personal Assistance of the Petitioner, if required; this he has performed, as far as Time and other Circumstances would permit; and, as much remains yet to be done, in order totally to remove the Prejudices of Tanners in Favour of their old Habits, the Petitioner is willing to complete this Talk when sufficiently empowered lb to do: And therefore praying the House wiil grant him inch Compensation as they may think his Services entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

fc*pr.rt Ex- Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee

j.mng Laws, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them arc tit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Rei'olutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Rclblutioas of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ‘‘explain and amend the Law's relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of " certain Offenders," as relates to Transjiortation beyond the Seas; and also, so much of an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Transjiortation of Felons and " other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of " Prisoners in certain Cales, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as extends to authorize the Removal of Oifcnders to temporary Places of Confinement, which Acts w'cre amended and continued by Three other Act, of the 2Sth, 34th, and 39th Years of the Reign of llis present Majesty, until the 25th Day of March 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Tran i port at ion of Felons and other " Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, " and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain " Cafes," as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of June 1787, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was revived and continued by Two Acts of the 34-th and 39th Years of His present Majesty, until the 23th Day of March 1802, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid llelblutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a bill be brought in pursuant to the said Kdbl it ions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tart, and Mr. Hi Icy Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

1802.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported lsw^bui from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported.* Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum flopped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their-Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the Hr it if: Sugar Colonies in the IVef Indies-,to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the regulating the

Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the permitting the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China in Ships not of, British-bxs\\t, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Houfie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the I louse, according Greenland to Order, a Bill for continuing the Bounties granted for eri«BiH,pre-the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and fented. ' for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon IVeclnesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday Treaty, de-next, the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to te.-red. be limited, to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of ilis present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for carrying " into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce,'and " Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the " United States of America," to ccale, or be suspended under certain Circumstances, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count, shewing what increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emo- of Salaries, luments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices in Q efsPubilc Great Britain, for the Year 1801. ordered.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aa'crreJ. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

2 6° Februarii.

Petition of the Thames and Medway Canal Company, against Rochester Bridge BilL

Banbury Road Bili» committed*

Martii.

185

Luna> i* d Martii;

Anno 42* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of the T/tames and Medway Canal, and otherwise interested in the Navigation of the River Medway, waspresented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Wardens and Commonalty of the New Bridge of in the County of

Kent, to complete the Improvements and Repairs of the said Bridge, and to raise Money for that Purpose; and Setting forth. That a Petition hath been presented to the House from the Mayor and Citizens of the City of ter, the great Object of which, from its Allegations and other Information, the Petitioners learn to be, that a Water Toll or Pontage should be imposed upon Vessels passing under the said Bridge; and that the Petitioners, with other Persons, about Two Years since, subscribed a Sum of f. 35,000 and upwards, for the Purpose of making a Canal (to be styled The Thames and Medway Canal) from the River Medway at Rochester to the River Thames at end, and that, under the Sanction of an Act lately passed, they have advanced large Sums of Money in Part of their Subscriptions, and made considerable Progress in their Work; and that a Sum sufficient to accomplish the Alterations and Improvements of the said Bridge, so far as they respect the Navigation, was, previously to their Commencement, advanced to the Wardens of the Bridge by Persons subscribing for the Purpose, and the Wardens not only poflels a very considerable Revenue from Lands and other Sources, applicable to the general Improvements and Alterations of the Bridge, but a Part of the Sum so advanced to them for these Improvements and Alterations, which concern the Navigation, fully adequate to their Completion, yet remains to be applied for that Purpose; and that the proposed Toll or Pontage under the Bridge is perfectly unprecedented, and by its Addition to the Tolls now taken upon the River wa % and those to be received at the Canal, it would so enormoufiy enhance the Charges of Navigation as to occasion an Increase of Land Carriage, and a Continuance of the circuitious Passage round the Nore, and would thereby not merely destroy every Prospect of Advantage to the Proprietors of the Canal, and cause them to be Losers to an incalculable Amount, but prove highly injurious to Commerce and the Public in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, and the proposed Clauses thereof, as may appear detrimental to their Interests, or may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the Bridge eroding the River Stour, in chejion, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

: in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 57.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Ficrt Debtors Prison of The Fleet, was presented to the House, and Petition, read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Falmouth ami enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the ill and en'i}?u, °* 21st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for committed, amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Peary n, Helflone, and and from

thence to and over Marazion lliver and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according Horftiam Road to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in pr‘cu e ' the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horjhin the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Lea-

tlierhead, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands Downh*m and Low Grounds within the several Parishes of Down- *i*in

ham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, committed. ' in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Walpole, &c.And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, so Bedford much of an Act, passed in the 13 th Year of the Reign of ^^^econd His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining Drainage Bill,

" and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds committedlying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of " the Fens, commonly called Bedford between

" certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and " Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called " Felt well New District, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Filby Indo-. Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within sure the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk, was read a comnu Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Brozvne Folkes, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, s^ridd* a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Mortimer Bettyon, of Englefield House, in the County of Berks, Ef- Inclosur* quire, Lord of the Manor and Soil of Stratfuld Mortimer,

3 B in

186 i ° Martii. . 1801.

in the Counties of Berk* 'incl Hants, and of the several Freeholders and others within the said Manor, who have Right of Common upon the Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, within the said Maqor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the said Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands.

Member Ordered, That Sir William Eford be added to the

ar!Jt«J to Gentlemen, w'ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

Confn^by a pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the

inuoiuic'Hill* Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf ot themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Coningsby, in the County of Lincoln.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from ihc Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Four several Acts, julied in the lotii Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Fird, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge> in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once.read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Augnjlus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported Caak^Brom- from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Houghton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County, so far as the said Arts relate to the Hoad leading from a Village or Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonna/l, in the said County of Stafford, to Slone Bridge aforesaid, and from Castle Bromwich aforesaid to Birmingham aforesaid, being the Fourth Distriel of the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee ha I examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wai read; and is as f olio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. Edward Sadler being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the said first-mentioned Act, so far as relates to the said Fourth Dif-trid of the said Roads, have borrowed and took up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Fourth District, several Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of £.2,300, and applied the same to the several Purpo&s by the said full-mentioned Act di-6

wich Koaa Petition, reported.* (Fourth District.)

Dunchurch and Stone-bridee Road Bill, reported.

Stonnall and

reftec!, and the said Sum is now owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls: That the several Roads within the said Fourth Distriel cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the said several Sums of Money so borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, with the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged. — And the Witnessadded, That it is necessary the Tolls should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the r8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of to

Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Pari 111 of Hampton in Arden, in the County of

and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Harp, in the

Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And that Sir George William Shuck-

burgh Evelyn and Sir John Mor daunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Sir Robert Buxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and indoling, a certain Common or Waste Ground called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Mortimer, in the

Counties of Berks and Hants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVilber-force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, S And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnfley Common, in the County of to the Middle

of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross and also the Road from the Guide Post in to a

Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawlhome, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVilber-force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakePs Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye', in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be.

Stratneld

Mortm.er Ixiclolure Bill, prdeuted.

Leeds and Odey Road Bill,

committed.

Barn (lev Road Bill, committed.

Wood bridge and Eye Raid Bill, palfed.

i ° Mar

be. An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Tort of to the Broad

Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunhury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and tlefire their Concurrence.

Bangor Roads Bill, presented*

1 87

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard,

Sir William 'Young, Ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Browne Evans, Esquire, of Kirby Beadon, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the agiinttPAen-House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, ham inclosure allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths,

Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Paken-ham, in the County of Suffolk-, and Setting forth. That there are several Clauses and Provisions contained in the -

Mr. Asheton Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of L!anhfydd, in the County of Denbigh: said Bill, which, if the same were to pass into a Law as it And the same was received; and read the First Time. now Hands, would materially infringe the Rights, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. injure the Property of the Petitioner: And ther^iore

praying that he may be heard, by himlelt, his Counsel, Pakenham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open or Agents, again!! such Parts of the said Bill as may committed*^* an<^ Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable afteft him, and that the same may not pass into a Law

commit . Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within as it now Hands; or that he may have such Relief in the

the Parish of Pakenham ,in the County of Suffolk, was Premises as to the House may seem meet, read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Resolved, That the Bill be' committed to Mr. Corn- Consuleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill wallis, Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, he.:And they are is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wookey, &c.

himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, it he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the

. Mr. Dichinfunpresented to the House, according to

presentld. Order, a Bill for draining, preserving from Water, and same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within Petition.

Wookey, W eflbu

ot

the several Parishes or Chapelries Rodney-Stoke, Wedmore, Mear, Nyland, Badg-1worth, Biddifham, Eaff Brent, South Brent, Cheddar,

Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, Faff Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddifham, Badgworth, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Notice being taken. That the Army Estimates, which Army were presented upon Friday last, were not laid before E?"nate3 the House in the usual Manner; W*

Ordered, That the said Estimates be withdrawn.

Sawfton inclosure Bill, presented.

Wooburn inclosure Bill, committed*

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Estimates, &-c.

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1802, ordered:

be laid before this House. Garrisons"4

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the ordinary of

Navy for the Yeah 1802, with an Estimate of the Half Navy.

Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of

the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid

before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy.

r, 1 - r> c t 1 Aj.ir tnay be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and

Campb, in the County of W«: And the lime was R 'irs of Shi ' of w„ in His Slajeliy's Yards, and

rprpivptl r anti rt»nrl thf» IMrlt- I irrw» < _ 1 ,

other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary for the Year 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the probable Expence Transport of the Transport Service, and for the Care and Custody Service, fee. of PrisonersofWar in Health, at Home and Abroad, for the Year 1802, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sum which may Miscellaneou* be wanted for Miscellaneous Services, for the Year Service. 1802, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open.

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the __________

Parish of Wooburn, in the County of Buckingham, was fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an read a Second Time. Act of Parliament,

Vo l . 5 7. Copies

Coningsby Sir William Fford presented to the House, according prefemed. to Grder, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste lands, within the Parish of

Coningsby, in the County of Lincoln. received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Horningfea General Adeane presented to the House, according to 1r«fcn 'e<J Bl11* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the pro cn e . Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Horningfea, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sawffon, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Garthfhore (from the Commissioners for executing Reports re-the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) pre- Forti

j88 l* Martii. A. 1802*

Copies of Reports to the Commissioners for executing the Office of 1 -ord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irof the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, in Possession of the Company of Merchants trading thither, made by Captain Sir Charles Hamilton, Baronet, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Melpomene.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers: And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Rich a Number of Copies of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Dr. Gray (from the counts,&c.of Trustees of the British Museum) attended at the Door; fcumfpre- he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the tented. House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the Accounts of the British Museum 1801, and Estimate of Accounts for 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Appendix, The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 27.) Volume.

Expiring The Bill (nowr ingrossed) for making perpetual so much

patfed.B, U' an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to beconfumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the Briiifi Sugar Colonies in the West Indies; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the permitting the Importat ion of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador-, and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China in Ships not of British-bu\\t, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves,' Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Im-

Report on Petition of Merchant*, Arc. of Grenada and St. Vincent'*, to be printed.

Transportation Bill, presented. (Expiring Laws.)

State of Ac-

portation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the Twenty-fourth Day of

One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships notof2?n/^-built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's lleign.'

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Indemnity indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time dire died by Law', and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be llamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft; or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Prodtors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And that Mr. Nicholas Van-fittart, Mr. Henry Alexander, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 9mn.amon' . tuled, " An Act for repealing the several Duties of tobeconCustoms and Excise, and granting other Duties in Cdersd- lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue;

" for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

" into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed ^Tonies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of " the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the.

Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, upon Cassia Lignea, and upon Hides and Skins, imported into Great Britain.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs " on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into,

" and on Lead exported from. Great ," might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudlion to the said Com- Instruction. mittee. That they do consider of so much of the said Act as charges certain Duties on Box Wood imported.

A Bill for continuing the Bounties granted for the Greenland Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and w|iale

r P . , 1 , Fimenes Bill,

for continuing and amending the Regulations relpecung committed, the fame, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. (Expiring

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Northampton

and Market Harborough Roads Bill, committed.

Petition again it, refen ed, and Coun'.el ordered.

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Kolle sworn.

Buckland Inciolure Bill Teported.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Poll in in the County of Northampton, to Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dickius, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Town of , which

was presented to the House upon Tuesday I alt, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, beloie the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Cour.fel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20 die Martii;

Anno 4a0 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

TJTENRICH Kolletook the Oaths appointed, in Order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Creive reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Pardli of Buckland, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfa<51ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments rhereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

vol. si-

Mar tit. 189

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in His Majesty's Carl Me and Gaol in the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland: And also. Petitions.

A Petition of the Debtors, now under Confinement in His Majesty's Gaol of Durham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and en- Dunchurch larging the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the b"a^c°Road 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Bill, passed. the First, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augitflus William Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. AshetonSmith presented to the House, according Lonrrpnrift

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythings of West Aston otherwise West and

Middleton, in the Parish of Longparish, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Whitehaven whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names.

are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and reported the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That several Acts have been passed for preserving, enlarging, and improving, the said Harbour, and Trustees were appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution, and they were authorized to collect certain Rates and Duties for that Purpose laid upon Coals and Merchandize imported and exported at, and Shipping uling, the said Harbour; that the Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the Trull reposed in them, and, from Time to Time, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, but the said Harbour being improved, they were enabled to pay off a great Part o^ the Debt they had contracted, and a large Sum of Money still remained in their Hands; that in the Year 1798, a Voluntary Contribution being set on Foot for the Aid and Assistance of Government towards carrying on the War, the Trustees thought themselves authorized to pay out of the Money then in their Hands the Sum of f.2,000 to such Subscription, but Doubts have

3 C finoe

fmcc been suggested whether they had Authority so to apply that Money; and that feme Doubts have arisen on the Validity of the Elections of the Trustees, between the Year 1710 and 1796, and it is expedient such Doubts should be removed, and the Mode of appointing Trustees in future clearly ascertained; and that the said Acts require Amendments and Alterations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed concerning the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. James Lowther, Sir William Toting, and Sir William Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

otiey and Mr. WHberforce reported from the Committee, to pctKionf°ad* wh°m ^ie Petition of the several Persons, whole Names reported.' are thereunto subscribed, being Part of the Creditors, and

also Part of the Trustees of the respective Districts of Turnpike Roads from Otiey to , in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lan and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors and Trustees of the said Roads, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, as to the last mentioned Petition; and had examined the Matter of that Petition (no Person appearing in Support of the first-mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the 28 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein de-lcribed, as relate to the Roads from Otiey to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said County, was read: — And,

Mr. William AI cock. Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, in widening and repairing the said Did rift of Roads between Otiey and Skipton, and between Skipton and Colne, and that considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Districts, which Monies, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing anil widening the same respectively; but that the same cannot be completely linillied, and kept in Repair, and the respective Monies lb borrowed, and the Interest thereof be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act, lb far as the same relates to tin laid Districts of Road between Otiey and Skipton, and S Upton and Colne, be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said re-fpcdlive 'foils increased. — And being further examined, laid. That it would be for the Convenience of the Public if Part of the Line of the intended Diversion of the Road from Adding};am to Skipton aforesaid, by Way of Draugliton, in the said District of Road between Otiey and Skipton,

was varied, and carried over a Close called Well in the Township of Aaforesaid, and a (mail Portion of the Glebe of and in the Parish of Addingham. — And the Witness added, That the Public would be Hill more accommodated if so much of the said Line of Diversion as extends Westwards from the West End of lags Close, and terminating at the School House in Skip-ton, were discontinued, and if, instead thereof, a new Road were made from the said Close North West-ward, through the Lands of the Earl of Hurs

Lane, Skipton Grammar School Lands, and certain small Buildings, and Scites of Buildings, situate on the North Side of the Newmarket Street, in the Town of Skipton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otiey to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County' Palatine of Lancaster, and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otiey to Skipton aforesaid: And that Mr. force and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Chatham Poor whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and

Overseers of the Poor, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Twopenny being examined, laid, That the Poor of the said Parish are numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great and burthensome Expence to the Inhabitants; that the present Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is not sufficiently large to contain the said Poor with proper Accommodation, and is therefore very inconvenient and prejudicial to their Health and Comfort; that if Power is given to enlarge the said Workhouse, or to build or provide additional Buildings for the Accommodation of the said Poor, and to furnish and regulate the fame, and to govern and employ them, and to raise Monies sufficient for those Purposes, by Annuities or otherwise, the Rates for the Relief of the said Poor would be rendered much leis burthensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be better maintained and provided for.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Work-house, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward Knatchbulldo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Addrest' graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty'; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Johnes reported from the Committee, to whom Petition of the Petition of James Edzvards, of Pall was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter p of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Scrip Receipts, N°488 and N° 1,602, were produced to the Committee, by which it appeared, that the Petitioner, in the Beginning of the Year 1796, bought in

the

K (I i mates, presented s

Guards and G-unions.

Forces in the

Plantations,

kc.

Recruiting

for Troops in East India.

FenciWe

infantry.

Barrack

Departments.

Foreign

Corps.

Appendix

(N° 28.)

Kolle's Nat. Bill, committed.

Indemnity

Bill,

presented.

A2 Geo. III. 20 Martiu 191

the £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Loan of 1795, the Sum of £.4,200, and duly made the Four first Payments thereon at the Bank to 20th, amounting to L10*- i6j. — Then,

Several Members present informed Your Committee, That about the Month of 1796, the Petitioner being in a weak State of Health, went to Italy for the Recovery of the lame, during which Time the Father of the Petitioner, being at a very advanced Age, had great Defeift in his Memory, and nearly loft his Sight. — And, A Memorandum was produced to the Committee, which the Petitioner had left with his Father, containing Instructions for him to make good the last Payments upon the Scrip before-mentioned, which he, owing to his Want of Memory, omitted to do, but had veiled ' the Money, which was deposited by the Petitioner for that Purpol'e, in £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities and India Stock, inllead of making good the remaining Payments upon the Loan. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Phillips, Clerk at Mefirs. Hammerfleys and Co. produced to the Committee an Extract from the Books of that Firm in 1796, by which it appears, that a Sum more than sufficient to make up the other Four Payments on the Loan had been paid into that Bank by the Petitioner's Father.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South , from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War allb presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain for the-Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of March 1802 to the 24th of May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And allb,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry for Service in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days. Together with a Schedule of the said Ellimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Ellimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Bill for naturalizing Henrich Kolle, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Lufington,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as Von. 57.

have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to AttOrnies and Solicitors, to make and file die fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the lame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Prodlors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ciimamon,°n to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 27th See. imported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs " and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

" and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacturee of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,

" remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuitfes on Lives, to the Reduction of the National "Debt," as relates to the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, upon Cassia Lignea, and upon Hides and Skins, imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity and Account* Value, Official and Real, of Cinnamon, and Cassia rtlerred-Lignea, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Three Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cassia Lignea, and on Hides and Skins, imported into Great Britain, in the Three Years ending the 5th Day of January 1801; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Greenland to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^sh:jl'i£llhe* upon die Bill for continuing the Bounties granted for the def ned' Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the lame, be now read.

And

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Transpr.ru- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed Reading of the Bill for continuing and amending several (Expiring" Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other L*wi-) Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Relief Bili. whole House, upon the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors with " respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to " oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not " exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for " their Creditors Benefit."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty "Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, .3* Martii.

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. '

Prayers.

Trchin Navi- A BILL for explaining, amending, and rendering jmhoii Bui, ±\. more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th tommit e . Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River It chin, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sturges, Mr. Neivbo'f, See.: And thevare to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dundee Two- Mr. IVtUiamDun das reported from the Committee, to r<t"i1<nSL°tS u honi the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and reported. Council, of the Town of Dundee, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the # said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 4th and 20th Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the x 6th Year of

- 9

His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, were read: — And,

Mr: Alexander Duncan being examined said. That the Money arising by the said Duty hath been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works thereby directed to be done, whereby a considerable Debt is now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be paid off, and the Repairs and other necessary Works by the said Acts directed to be done, carried on, and completed, unless the Term and Powers by the said Acts granted be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Puty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberty and Suburbs thereof: And that Mr. William Dundas, Sir John Stuart, and Sir George Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and principal In- Brides, &c. habitants of the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Petition, Ayr, was referred; That the Committee had examined, rePorte<1, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Wilson being examined, laid, That the Approaches to the Town of Kilmarnock are extremely inconvenient, and many of the Streets therein are very narrow and incommodious, and require to be altered and widened, to render them safe and convenient to the Inhabitants thereof, and Persons frequenting the same. — And being further examined, he said. That the River or Water of Kilmarnock runs through Part of the said Town, and often rises to a great Height, and thereby prevents the Communication between one Part of the Town and the other, which cannot be remedied unless Two Bridges are built over the said River or Water, and Powers given to levy Pontage thereon for defraying the Expence thereof;

| that the present Slaughter House, belonging to the said Town, is situated in an inconvenient Place, and the Town Hall, Guard House, and Gaol or Toll Booth, are in very bad Repair, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, if a new Slaughter House, Town Hall, and Guard House were built, and the said Gaol properly repaired. — And being further examined, he said, That from the great Increase of Inhabitants in the said Town, the Burying Ground thereof is become too small, and it is necessary that Power should be given to purchase a sufficient Quantity of Land in or near the said Town for that Purpose; and that the Streets, Lanes, and other Railages of the said Town, Netherlownholm, Townend, Glebe, and Grange Land, are very badly paved, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town if Power were given to pave the same, and make other Improvements therein. — And the Witness added. That it would tend to the better Regulation of the said Town, if the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates was to be extended over the Street called Nethertownholm or G/encairn Street, and to the Buildings which have been, or shall be, erected on the Lands of Grange, and to such of the intended new Streets, communicating with the said Town as are beyond their present Jurisdiction.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

opening

opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock OrdeThat Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town;

for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmar- A Petition of Humphrey Sibthorp, Esquire, on Behalf Petition for nock; for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the of himself and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates fe^aPetitioa said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall in or near tb the Parish of in the- County of for Saxelby

and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol Lincolnand the Townships of Harby and , in linage.4"'1

or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoin- and read; Setting forth. That there are, in or near to

ing thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances the said Parish and Townships, several Open Fields,

therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Ma- Half-Years Meadow, Common Pastures. Commons,

gistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands: and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole 3,000

And that Mr. William Dun das, Mr. Ful/arton, and Mr. Acres, or thereabouts; and that a considerable Part of

John Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Newton Mr. Blackburjieof Lancashire reported from the Com-

jncfoiurc mittee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend the Warden repotted', and Fellows of the Collegiate Church of in Man-

chester. Lords of the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Proprietors of the Common or Wade situate within the said Manor, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with -, but it appeared to the Committee that all the Proprietors have signed the Petition, except one, whole Property is inconsiderable, and who, by Reason of his residing at a Didance, had not been applied to; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

! Thomas Ha/Jlead being examined, laid. That there is,

within the Manor and Township of in the Parish

of Manchester, in the County of , a certain

Common or Wade, containing by Edimation 140 Statute Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of small Value; but, that if the same were divided and inclosed, and the Allotments held in Severalty, they would be capable of very great Improvements, the said Common being situate within the Distance of Three Miles from Manchester. — And the Witness added. That if the said Inclosure should be deferred until another Year, the Delay would be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience to the Proprietors.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Snnton A Motion, being made, That the ingossed Bilf for

IndojureBlIl, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of in the North

Hiding of the County of York, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. William Dutidas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Intered is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 9. 1.16. To leave out from "thereof" to the End of Line 17.

Pr. xi. 1. 11. To leave out from "thereof" to the End of Line 12.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the.House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Sneaton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Vo l.57.

the said Lands and Grounds, and . also certain inclosed Lands in the said Parish and Townships, on Account of their low Situation, are liable to be overflowed, or otherwise annoyed by Water, and, being greatly difpcrftd and intermixed, are incapable, in their present State, of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered much more valuable to the Persons intereded, by being divided, inclosed, and drained; and that the Petitioner, while at his Residence in Lincolnshire, was about Three Weeks ago intruded with a Petition to the House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Lands and Grounds above-mentioned, in order to the same being prefeiucd to the House; and that the Petitioner expected and intended to have been in Town in proper Time for the said Petition being presented to the House, but was detained by Indisposition, both in the Country and on his Journey, so as to be prevented arriving in London with the said Petition until the Time limited by the House for receiv- ing Petitions for Private Bills was expired; and that it will occasion great Loss and Damage to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, should not a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid be obtained in the present Session: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- ^ve given; cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of John Lord Monfcn, and the humble Petition Petition of Humphrey Sibthorp, Esquire, Elizabeth patented.

lington, Widow, and others, whose Names are thereunder written. Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Fieids,

Half-Years Meadow, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, situate in or near to the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, in- doling, draining, and preserving, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I Ioufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Vyner See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Martin BrowneFo/kesreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ham inclosure the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes Bill, reported, of Finingham and Gijlingham, in the County of Suffolk, comrmttedT" except a certain Plot therein described, was.re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

3 D Place;

Tinmouth

Ligl.thouse

Petition,

R-i t ra d to a Committee.

Pr*e Forest

]'etition»

reported*

30 Mar tit.

A. 1802.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William

Foivke, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of February lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidant ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir White

Mr. Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Amyattreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God

Brownlozv Lord Bishop of , and the humble

Petition cf Robert Thijllethwaste, Esquire, Warden of

the Forest of South, alias East Bere, alias Bier, in the County of Southampton, and of the other Person whole Name is thereunto subscribed, being Purlieu Owners of Lands within the said Forest, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Purlieu Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Regard of the said Forest, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Strong Hales being examined, said. That His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Teifed of the Forest of alias East Bere, alias Bier, containing 8,000 Acres or

thereabouts: That the said Forest comprizes Two Walks, one called The East Walk, and the other The West Walk;

and His Majesty is foiled of certain Parcels of Demesne lands within the said Forest, distinguished from the other Districts or Purlieus, containing 929 Acres, or thereabouts; and the several other Districts or Purlieus (exclusive of His Majesty's laid Demesne Lands) do belong to the Petitioners and others, having Lands within the Regard of the said Forest: That the Soil of the said Forest is particularly well adapted for the Growth of Oak Timber, and is situate very conveniently for Communication with the Naval Yard at being in most

Parts contiguous thereto; that the said Forest, in its present State, yields very little Profit either to His Majesty or to the said Purlieu Owners, in Companion of what it might do, if the same was disafforested, and divided, allotted, inclosed, and held in Severalty by His laid Majesty, and the said several Persons interested therein as aforesaid: That it hath been proposed, that a certain Portion of the said Forest shall be let out and allotted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Severalty, in lieu of 11 is Privileges and Patronage in and over the said Forest, and as a Consideration, for the Disafforefta-tion of the lame, and for the Purpose of preferring the Growth of Wood and Timber for the Supply of the Navy, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose what-fofcver: That a certain other Part of the said Forest shall be let out and allotted to the said Robert jn lieu of his Privileges and Patronage as Warden of the said Forest; and that the Residue of the said Forest shall be let out and allotted to His Majesty, to the Petitioners, and the other Purlieu Owners, and to those Persons who have Right of Common in the said Forest, according to their several Rights and Interests therein: That such Division and Inclosure of the said Forest will not only tend to the Benefit of His Majesty, and all Persons interested therein, but, by Reason of the Extent of the fame, and the general Richness and Fertility of the Soil, and its Vicinity to the Town of Portsmouth, will also be of great general public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Dilafforefting the Forest of South, otherwise East Bere, otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest: And that Mr.

Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the East India *^PPP^te(l Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, Reading of in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Prefi- Fort dency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the j^oiy Bill!1 Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Indemnity Reading of the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for ex- . tending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report o« from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it cinnamon was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in See, imported, the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties cotnposing the Public Revenue;

" for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

" into this Kingdom; and for applying certain un-

claimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of

" the

42 Geo. III. Martit. 195

" the National Debt," as relates to the Duties on Cin- May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days, be re-

namon imported by the East India Company, upon Cassia ferred to the said Committee.

Lignea, and upon Hides and Skins, imported into Great That the Estimate of the Charge of Four

Britain; and who were instructed to consider of so much Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, of an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, inti- ilationed in Great Britain for the Purpose of recruiting tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of " Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and March 1802 to the 24th of May following, both inPepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, clullve, being 61 Days, be referred to the said Com Great Britainas charges certain "Duties on Box mittee.

Wood imported; the Resolutions which the Committee Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several had directed him to report to the House; which he Corp6 of Fencible Infantry for Service in the United read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as March 1802 to the 24th May following, both in-followeth; viz. elusive, being 61 Days, be referred to the said Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee.

That the Duties now payable on Cinnamon imported , That the Estimate of the Charge of the

by the East India Company, and on the Importation Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great into Great Britain of Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, do cease Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March . 1802 to the and determine. 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, referred to the said Committee.

That upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cinna- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign mon, imported by the United Company of Merchants Corps in the Service of Britain, from the 25th

of England trading to the East Indies, there be charged a March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive. Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence. being 61 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Then the House felolved itself into the said Com-That upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cassia mittee.

Lignea of all Sorts, imported into Great Britain, there be Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

charged a Duty of One Shilling. Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee.

That the Duties of Customs now payable on the Im- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

portation into Great Britain, in Brit ish-[m\\t Ships, of Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

Bull, Ox, or Cow Hides, Hides of Horses, Mares, or That they had come to several Resolutions; which they Geldings, Indian Hides, or Buffalo Hides, Calve Skins, had directed him to report, when the House will please Dog Skins, Seal Skins, and Elk Skins, being in the Hair, to receive the same.

and undressed, do cease and determine. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Morning.

That the Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, may have Leave to fit again.

" Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead ex- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ported from Great Britain," on Box Wood imported, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole do ceale and determine. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty.

That there be charged upon every Ton Weight of Box

Wood, imported into Great Britain from any Part of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Europe, in a British-built Ship, an additional Duty of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, and so in Proportion Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His for any greater or less Quantity. Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

That there be charged upon every Ton Weight of Box Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Corn-

Wood, imported into Great Britain from any Part of mittee.

Europe in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty of Twenty Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Mr reported from the Committee,

Quantity. That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second directed him to report,.when the House will please to Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, receive the same.

agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Morning.

Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That

cholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

and bring in, the lame. . may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Committee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole supply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimate* Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards,

referred: Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

Gairifons?'1 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from House, by His Majesty's Command,

the 2fth March 1802 to the 24th May following, An Account, shewing the Amount of the Pensions

both inclusive, being 61 Days, be referred to the said charged upon the Civil List Revenues, from the Year

Committee. ending the 5th 1789 to the Year ending the

Forces in the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His 5th January 1802, distinguished under the Heads of Plantations, Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those "Pensions;" "Pensions to late Ministers at Foreign &tr- at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the " Courts;" and " Compensations for Loss of Offices, Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New " &c." compared with the Estimate laid before Parlia-South Wales, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th ment in 1786.

Vol. 57.

Recrtiiting for Troops *uX East India*

Fencible Infan try*

Barrack

Departments*

Foreign

Corps*

Committee of Ways and Means*

Account of Pensions on Civil List, preferred.

D, jitized by v^-

196 3° — 4° Martii. . 1802.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty's Civil List.

Appendix, The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to (No. 29.) this Volume.

Relief Bill Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

deferred.' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; " and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates, for their Creditors Benefit."

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into °whaie'U a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Fisheries Bill, continuing the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing w>' and amending the Regulations respecting the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Transporta- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning d°iei-fed.' next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

(Expiring upon the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws Law*.) relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die'Martit;

Anno 42° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Pray ess.

Doxat's Nat. A Bill for naturalizing fames Emanuel Francis Doxat,

B'U. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Benjamin , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, Sir John William Anderson &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Mbe added to the Gen-fndBroughtonE tkmcn, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a tuciosure Bill. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right

9

committed.

J.tin's Nat.

Bill,

committed.

Member

honourable George William Earl of Coventry, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of uninclosed and Commonable Land within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Cross, in P erf tore, in the County of Worcester.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Ellesmere the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the El/ef-mere Canal was referred , That the Committee had exa- reported, mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether pool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, was read: —

And,

Mr. 'Thomas Telford being examined, laid, That by the said Act, certain Persons were united into One Body Corporate, by the Name and Style of " The Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal f and were authorized

and empowered to make, complete, and maintain, a Canal, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the River Severn, within, the Liberties of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to unite with the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also to make, complete, and maintain, several Collateral Navigable Cuts, to branch from and out of the said Canal, as in the said Act mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportion as they should think proper, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and the Reservoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding the Sum of £.400,000, except as therein is mentioned: That if the said Sum should be found insufficient for making and completing the said intended Works by the said Act authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act enabled to raise and contribute among themselves, any further or other Sum of Money, for completing the said Undertaking, not exceeding £.50,000; and in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of £. 50,000, or any Part thereof, or any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole £.50,000, in Addition to the said several Sums of £.400,000 and £.50,000, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were, by the said Act, authorized to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said several Sums of £.50,000 and £.50,000, on the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: That the said Company of Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to take and receive, for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, the several Rates therein mentioned for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coals, Stone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which should be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them; and it was thereby enacted, that none of the said Rates should be payable, demanded, or taken, by virtue of the said Act, for or in respect of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, laden with Coal, Coke, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone only,

which

which might pass or be navigated! dlohg any Part of the said Canal, between Pont Cyfyland the upper End of the Cegedcg Valley, near Byumbo, in the County of Den-

bigh, provided such Boat, Barge, or other Veil'd, should pals or be navigated, with the same Lading, Ten Miles at the lead along any other Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them, and should pay Tonnage after the Rates in the said Act mentioned for such Ten Miles at the lead, in respect of the same Boat, Barge, or other Veil'd, and the Lading therein: That by several subsequent Acts, passed in the 36th and 41 d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized to vary the Line of the said Canal and Cuts in the said A«d mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain, several new Branches to communicate therewith: That the Powers given by the said Act. of the 33d of His present Majesty, were, by the said respective Acts of the 36th and 41 d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended, varied, enlarged, and amended; and that the making and maintaining of that Part of the said Canal between Pont Cyfyltee and the upper End of the Ccgedog Valley will be attended with a considerable Expence, and it is reasonable that the said Company of Proprietors should, if they make and maintain the lame, be authorized to have, receive, and take, the like Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage upon and on the Banks thereof, as they are, by the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorized to take and receive in respect of Coals, Coke, Calm, Stone, and other 'filings, which shall be carried and conveyed upon any other Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts therein mentioned: That Shares, to a considerable Amount, of the said Sum of £.400,000, which was intended to have been originally subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors amongd themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, were referred for the Land Owners through whole Lands the said Canal and Collateral Cuts were authorized to be made, some of which Land Owners have failed or declined to accept the Shares so reserved for them as aforesaid, or to pay the Calls or Subscriptions thereon, by Reason whereof, and of the Insolvency of some other of the original Subscribers, the Amount of the present Stock of the said Company is reduced to £-333,000, the greatest Part whereof hath been expended in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and in carrying the Powers of the said several Acts into Execution; and that the Whole of the said Sum of £.400,000, intended to have been originally raised or contributed by the said Company of Proprietors amongst themselves, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, will be necessary for the completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and ether W'orks, by the said several recited Acts authorized to be made and executed; and it is expedient thdt the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized and empowered to raise so much Money as shall be necessary to make up the Stock or Subscription of £.400,000, so intended to have been originally raised or contributed, for the Purposes of the said Undertaking as aforesaid, without resorting to the Powers in the said Act of the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, lor railing, by Contribution amongst themselves, of by Mortgage of the said Navigation and Undertaking, the several additional Sums of £. 50,oooo and £.50,000 in the said Act of the 33d Year of His present Majesty mentioned; and that the fakl Company of Proprietors have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made and completed a considerable Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; but it is found that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited A els are in Ibmc Respects defective, and it is requisite that the same (houki be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing 1b much of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn,

" at Shreztsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River

Vol. 57.

cc Mersey, at or nfcar Netherpool, in the County of Chester,

" and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral " Cuts from the said intended Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coke, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription, and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the making of the said Canal: And that Mr. Sir

Richard Hill, and Mr. Kynaston Powell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Buckland doling, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Hinds and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buck-land, in the Parish of Buckland, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for-dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of Buckland, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to TfiWton

whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish reported.' '°n‘ of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of A was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that the Parties did not intend to proceed upon that Part of the Petition which required Notices to be given pursuant to the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish, was read: — And,

Mr. John Biggerjlaffbeing examined, laid, That the

Powers and Provisions of the said Act are insufficient to enable the Petitioners to carry she good Purposes thereby intended into Execution; and that it would be at-, tended with great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the said Act was altered, amended, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill td amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byitg do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainzvaring presented to the House, according Broughton to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open Incloiiire Bill, and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, Presente‘,» within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Manningford mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons,

Ei r itnuou,

W'hoiC reported.

198 4° MarA. 1802.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of . themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Manor of Manning ford, otherwise Manning ford in the Parish of Wi/sford, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that Notice of the present Application was duly given in the Months of Aug and September last, on the Church Door of the Parish of to which the

Inhabitants of Manning ford, otherwise Bohun,

usually resort to Divine Service; and the Lands and Ground were therein, by Mistake, described to be within the Parish, as well as within the Manor, of Manning-ford, otherwise Manningford Bohun, in the County of Wilts, but it has since been discovered that the said Manor is actually within, and*Part of, the Parish of Wilsford, in the said County, although lying at a considerable Distance from the Church; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Elderfield being examined, said, That the Lands described in the Petition are, in their present State, very inconvenient for the Tillage, Cultivation, Ule, and Management thereof; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests, and the Allotments inclosed, the said Lands might be very much improved, and rendered more productive, and of much greater Value.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

N*wtntRonds Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to

rrpo.'ted"' whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Counties of and Hereford,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Whatley being examined, said. That the Road from the Town of Nezven to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards the County of Gictieejhr, is much out of Repair, narrow, and circuitous; and that the making, amending, widening, and improving of a Road from a Place called Crown Hill, in the said Town of A~eevent, through the several Parishes of Net rent aforesaid, , and Upton Bijkop, in the County of to join the said Turn-

pike Road leading from Hereford towards Nezvent, at a Place called The CrozvnHill, in the Parish of Upton Bijleop aforesaid, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and of public Utility. — And the Witness further said, That the Road leading from' the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, near a Place called Philips's Cottage, in the said Pari ill of Nezvent, to tire Lea Line, in the Hamlet of in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road branching out of the said last mentioned Road near Perrins Wood, in the Parish of Ingham, in the said County of Hereford, are in a very ruinous and dangerous State, and cannot be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place eg!led The Crown Hill, in tire Town of , in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Nezvent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford: And that Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Worcester, and Mr.

Codrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Conway Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the United reported. Kingdom, and of the Principality of Wales, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fob loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Members present informed Your Committee,

That the Improvement of the Line of Communication between Chester, Liverpool, Mane heftier, Leeds, Sheffield, York, and all the North Country manufacturing and commercial Towns of Great Britain as well as of Scotland, and that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, by the Way of Holyhead, through the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon, is an Object of great- public Importance, as it would tend to facilitate the Ir.tcrcourse between both Parts of the United Kingdom; — that the Passage over Conzvay River, called Conzvay Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, is generally attended with very great Delay and Inconvenience, and frequently with Danger, to all Persons travelling over the said Ferry with Mails and Dispatchcs between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass and repass that Way. —

And,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, laid.

That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a safe and convenient Bridge may be ere<sted across the River Com-way, from Conway Castle, or the Rock adjoining it, in the Parish of Conzvay, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llanrhos, both in the said County of Carnarvon, of such Form and Construcf ion as not to prevent the Passage of Ships and Vessels navigating upon the said River, whereby the present Inconveniencies, Delays, and Dangers, may be effectually avoided. — Then,

The laid Members further informed Your Committee,

That the erecting of a safe and convenient Bridge over the said River, and opening and* making proper Roads from each End of the said Bridge to join and communicate with the present Turnpike Roads, will be of considerable Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to Travellers, and of great public Utility. — And, >

Mr. John Rennie being again examined, laid, That the necessary Expence thereof cannot be defrayed by Means of any Tolls or Duties thereon, without a further Assistance from the Bounty of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Conzvay, from or near Conzvay Castle, in the Parish of Conzvay, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llanrhos, both in, the County of Carnarvon; and for making proper Roads to and from the said Bridge: And that Mr. Bond, Mr. Nick cl as Vansittart,

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Lord Viscount

the Lxird Paget, and Mr. Thomas Williams, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Memi Bridge Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the United Kingdom, and of the Principality of Wales, was referred;

That

42 Geo. III. 4"

That the Committee had examined, and Found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges* had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Members present informed Your Committee, That the Improvement of the Communication between England and Ireland, on the Boundaries of the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in the great Road to and from Holyhead, is an Object of great public Importance, as it tends to facilitate the Intercourse between both Parts of the United Kingdomthat the Passage of

hacthivy Ferry over tire Arm of the Sea between the said Counties, called The Strof , is generally attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger, to Persons travelling with Mails and Dispatches between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having

*_> 7 O

Oc cation to pals and repass that Way. — And,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Surveys he has lately taken, it appears that a late and convenient Bridge may be creeled acrol's the said Streights, between the said County of Carnarvon and the said County of at the Swelly Rocks,

near to the said Ferry, and the said great Road to and from Ireland, of Inch Form and Construction as not to prevent the Passage of Ships and Vessels navigating upon or through the said Streights. — And,

The several Members aforesaid further informed Your Committee, That the erecting of a fate and convenient Bridge over the said Streights, and opening and making proper Roads to and from each End of such Bridge, to join and communicate with the High Road to and from Ireland, in the Parish of Bangor, in the said County of Carnarvon, and the Turnpike Road leading from the said Ferry to the Town of Holyhead, in the said County of Anglesey, will be of considerable Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to Travellers, and of great public Utility,

as the prefer.t Delays, Inconveniencies,- and Dangers, would thereby be effectually avoided. — And,

Mr. Rennie being again examined, laid, That from his Knowledge of the income of the present Feriy, the necessary Expence attending the building of the said Bridge, and making the Roads of Communication, can-

o o *

not be defrayed by the ordinary Means of any Tolls or Duties thereon, without a further Ainilance from the Bounty of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the Streights of , in the County of Carnarvon, to the oppotite SI tore, in the County of Anglej'ey, and for making proper Roads to and from the said Bridge: And that Mr. Bond, Mr. Nicholas Van-fittart, Sir A it! kin Williams Djrd Viscount reagh, the Lord Paget, and Mr. Thomas Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Finingham Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Com-QttUngham mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and incioiuie inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the re comI'ittcJ Dirilhes ot Finingham and in the County of

hij), reported. Suffolk, except a certain Plot therein described, was again rc-committed; That the Committee had made a further Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Vol. 57.

Mr. William Dlmdasprclented to the House, accord- Dundee Two-

ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers P'nngijp<:cti granted by several A els for laying a Duty of Two Pen- presented, nies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberty and Suburbs thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. (from Accounts of

the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he p?>per,3&c. was called in; and, at the Bar* presented to the House, presentsd. pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty on Paper, Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for the Three Quarters of the Year ending 5th April 1794: And also,

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty on Crown Single, Crown Inferior, Double Demy, Royal,

Royal Inferior, Medium, Demy Single, and Demy-Inferior; distinguishing the Number of Bundles of each, and Duty per Bundle, for the Three Quarters of a Year ending 5 th April 1794: And also.

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty on Paper, Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for the Year ending 5th July 1796 down to the Quarter ending 5th April 1801, inclusive: And also,

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty on Paper, Pasteboard, and Milled Boards, for the Three Quarters of a Year, ending 5th January 1S02.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Booksellers and Printers of the Cities of London and whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to con-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Hay, Relief ofspiuntil the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand ritual Persons, " Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions or, lered'

" under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for " abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Dickinson, Sir William Scott, and Mr. Gregor, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Report which-was Report on made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the of

Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and con- Grenada, &c. nested with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, referred to a was referred, might be again read. Swwfcote'* of

And the same being read accordingly; House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Fort Marlt»>-Reading of the Bill to authorize the India Company rou^ip'|a°l'v to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the committed. East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

p.sport

Supply.

Land Forces.

D*.

Guards and (Jarril'ons.

forces In ^J'eland.

P* In Plantations, &c.

4° Mar hi. . 1802.

Refolded, Tint the Hill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon A Ion a'civ Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Seven thousand One hundred and Seventy-five Invalids, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand One hundred and Seventy-six elsective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great , and in

Guerrj.y, and All l:rncy, trom the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Six hundred and Sixty-one Invalids, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-nine effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March One thousand Light hundred and Two, to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three Hundred and Ninety-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sixty-one thousand One hundred and Seventy-six effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Jet fey, and Alderney, in-

cluding the Charge of the Pay and daily Allowance of Commissioned Oiiicers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters, from the 25th Day of March 1S02 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twenty-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-nine effective Men, of His Majesty's l, and Forces, to he maintained in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay and daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers,- and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers, and for Farriery, from the 25th Day of March 1 802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive,' being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it i3 the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three Hundred and Lighty-six TLouland Six Hundred and hiity-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, at Alinorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot ia New South IValet,

K

including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Masters, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting for That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Three Hun- ^££p3in£itlt dred and Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fencibl. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty Thousand One Iufintrf* Hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d» ;n That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-four Thousand and Thirteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Barrack De-That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-nine Thousand partment. and Sixty-four Pounds, be granted to 11 is Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D« in Ireland. That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-nine Thousand Three Hundred ^nd Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of A lay following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foreign That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-five Thousand Five Corps‘ Hundred and Eleven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Coqis in the Service of Great Britain, from the' 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny Bill, punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better outerci1' Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and the Lord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report Way* from the Committee of the whole House, ro whom it was and r'Ieans' referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him torepbrt to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

4^ Geo. III. 4® — 5

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised by Loans or Exchequer BiHs.

The said Refblution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Lqrd George Thyntte, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr.

HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Greenland Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported rie* BH]F,lh4" from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported! Bill for continuing the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iiigvofl'ed.

Bill respecting Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord-cinnamon °n to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon &c. presented. imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Martii. 201

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. *

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Lord Viscount Folkestone accordingly reported from the Reported-feid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Monday, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be fuhicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Martii;

Anno 42® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

1

Prayers.

MR. Amyatt presented to the House, according to Stockbridge Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging ^RraTs'lsiU* the Powers of so much of an Act, pafl'ed in the 41 It presented. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridin the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through BellmourLane to the Top of Stephen's Castle Dozvn, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of through

Otterborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BHl refusing The Order of the Day being read, for the Second American Reading of the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to caiife certain Countervailing Duties, c err* ' granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into " Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the " United States of America," to cease, or be suspended, under certain Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved iticlf into a Committee of the Debtor*Relief whole House, to consider further of the Bill to extend, Bill- and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act,

made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of " their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, " and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Eftatrs for their Creditors Benefit."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Viscount Folkestone took the Chair of the Committee. *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ♦

Lord Viscount Folkestone reported from the Committee, Y o E. 57.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Kolle's Nat. mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henrich Kolle BjU, reported, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

*And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir William Elford be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, brine in a Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an addi- Chatham Poor tional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the BiI1*

County of Kent-, for raising Money for that Purpose; so* the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Society Petition of of the Mystery of Gunmakers of the City of ^eG^pan}r

under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, makers, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, re- ag-«nft Ifleof

, 0 . , jr Dogs Road

pairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for Biii.

watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage

Road to be called The Commercial Road, from the West

India Docks, in the Ijleof Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, ox

Church Street, Whitechapel, and all'o a Branch or short

Cut from the said Read to communicate with

> 3 F Street,

Whitehaven Jiarbour Bill, p relented*

ITckfield Roads Bill, reported

202 50 Mar hi. A. 1802.

Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improv- House.

ing, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the Ordered, That the Bill, with' the Amendments, be laid Road, to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church ingrossed.

Street, into and along Little Aylie Street and Great Ay/ie

Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel Mr. Gore reported from the Committee, to Beverftone

High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate whom the Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire,

High Street, in the City of London; and Setting forth, being the principal Owner and Proprietor of Estates in reported. That the Petitioners are seised in Fee Simple of a Piece the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, to

of Ground situate and being in Church Lane aforesaid, which belong Rights of Common over and upon the on which are erected several Buildings and other Works, Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was that have been used by the said Matter, Wardens, and referred; That the Committee had examined, and found Society, for a Period of upwards of Ninety Years, as a that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Place for Proof of Gun and other Fire Arms, from of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but it ap-whence great and essential Benefits have arisen to the peared to the Committee that all the Parties concerned Public, and considerable Profit to the Petitioners; and or interested in the Inclosure were consenting thereto; that it appears, by the said Bill, that Power is intended and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the to be given for purchasing the said Ground and Premises laid Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, for the Purposes of the said Act, which will be very inju- as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the rious to the Interests of the Petitioners, on Account Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the of the Difficulty that will arise in obtaining a proper Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-Situation for carrying on their Works, and of the great loweth; viz.

Delay and Expence that mutt necessarily be occasioned To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. by the Erection of new Buildings and Works, should Joseph Pitt being examined, said, That there are, within they even be enabled to find a suitable Piece of Ground the said Parish of Beverstone, certain Common Fields and for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are advised it Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are inis not necessary, for effectuating the Purposes of the said capable of any considerable Improvement; but, that if Bill, that the Petitioners said Premises should be brought the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to under the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they the Persons interested, according to their several and remay be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, spective Rights, great Advantages would be derived there-against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, from. — And the Witness added. That it will be attended and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as with great Detriment to the Proprietors of Land, if Leave to the House (Hall seem meet. be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allot-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ments and Inclosure in this present Session.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

'is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Horftam Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. larging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 28th

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign of same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road Petition. leading from in the County of Suffer, through

Capell, Dorking, Miekleham, and to the

Mr. James Lowther presented to the House, according Watch House in in the County of Surrey, and

to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge the from to Stone Street, in the Parish of in the

Powers of several Acts, patted concerning the Harbour &*d County of Surrey, was read a Second Time, of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John other Purposes: And the same was received; and read Frederick, General Norton, &c.: And they are to meet the First Time. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Chamber.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Henry reported from the Committee, to Handsworth

Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons BU1'

the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the ‘and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Hand/-

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was'

repealing an Act, made in the 27th Year of his committed; That the Committee had examined, and " late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to " widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that.

" from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

" County of Stiffen, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of and found the same to be true; and that the Parties " Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the " repairing the said Road; and also for amending, wi- Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors " dening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the of Estates atteffed to the Land Tax at 6s. $\d.

" Side Gate on the Horjebridge Turnpike Road, in the who had been applied to, but returned no Answer; and.

" Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading also, the Proprietor of an Estate afieffed to the Land Tax " from Cross-in-Hand to Burwash, in the said County," at 19*. 10d. who is a Lunatic; and that the WholePro-

was committed; That the Committee had examined perty belonging to Persons interested in the inclosure is the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be afieffed to the Land Tax at £.90. is. 9 and that true; and that the Committee had gone through the no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the they had directed him to report to the House; and he Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered they had directed him to report to the House; and he the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Where the Amendment^ were Once read throughout; the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: and then a*Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Where tilt Amendments were Once read throughout;

5 and

Otky and Skipton Roads Bill, presented.

Manningford

Inclosure Bill,

ordered.

FmSngharn

and

Gillingham Inclosure Bill, passed.

Kempfton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Chatham

Poor Bill, presented.

Srratfield

Mortimer

Inclosure Bill,

committed,

42 Geo. III. 50 Martii. 203

and then a Second Time, Ode by One; and, upon the Ref That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Buxton, Mr. Shaw , &c.: And they are to meet

House. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Chamber, ingrossed.

Sir George Augustus William Evelyn pre- StonnaU and

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to con- Bromwich

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering tinue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Road Bill, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Two Acts, one passed in the 33d "Year of the Reign of Prelintc‘1*

28 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other the Second, and in the a 1 ft Year of the Reign of His in the 18th Year of the Reign of His prei'ent Majesty, present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein de- for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at feribed, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley Boughton within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County

aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and and for altering the Course or Direction of certain from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parts of the saul Road from Otley to Skipton afore- Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, feid r And the same was received; and read the First and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same Time. County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads lead-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing from a Place called the Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge,

The House was moved, that the Report which was and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pe- Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned:

tition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto And the same was received; and read the First Time,

subsci ibed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of Estates within the Manor of Manningford, otherwise

Manningford Bohun, in the Parish of Wilsford, in the Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- Tinmouth County of Wilts, was referred, might be again read. mittee, to whom the Petition of William Fowke, Esquire,

And the same being read accordingly; was referred; That the Committee had examined the reported'.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; mon Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same within the Manor of Manningford, otherwise Manning- was read; and is is followeth; viz. ford Bohun, in the Parish of Wilsford, in the County of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

Wilts: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Sir Robert Office Copy of Letters Patent, under the Great Seal,

Buxton, and Mr. Jofttua Smith, do prepare, and bring in, dated the 13th Day of June, in the 7th Year of the the same. ' Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

granting to Villiers, Esquire, and his Heirs,> the

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Custody of the Lighthouse which had been lately built the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes by him, situate at Tinmouth, in the County of Northum-of Finingham and Giftingham, in the County of Suffolk, berland, and the Ground and Soil whereon the same was

except a certain Plot therein described, was read the Third situate; with Power to continue, renew, and maintain Time. the said Lighthouse with Lights, whereby the Ships be-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title longing to and others, trading and coasting

be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the that Way, might better come to their Harbours and Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Ports without Peril; and authorizing certain Impositions Finingham and Giftingham, in the County of Suffolk. and Tolls to be taken for defraying the necessary Charges

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the and continual Maintenance of the said Lighthouse, was Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. produced to the Committee: — And,

Thomas , Esquire, being examined, feid. That A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Mary Villiers, Widow, and Relict of Henry Villiers, and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Esquire, the Grandson of the Patentee Edward Villiers, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Pari lb afterwards Sir Edward Villiers, became seised in Fee of Kemp/lon, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second of the said Lighthouse and Premises, until her Death,

Time. which happened on orabout the 7th Day of 1767.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Osborn, — And the Witness further feid, That the Petitioner Wil- Mr. St.John, he.: And they are to meet this Af- liam Fowke, Esquire, is, under the Will of the said Mary ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Villiers, seised, as Tenant for Life, of the said Lighthouse Chamber. ' and Premises. — Then the Witness produced to the Committee, a Requisition, dated the 4th Day of February Sir William Elford presented to the House, according 1802, signed by the Master, Warden, and Assistants of the to Order, a Bill for enlarging the present, or providing Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in and of several other Persons, being Merchants, Traders, the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; Owners, and Masters of Ships, and otherwise interested in for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; the Trade and Navigation of the Ports of Nezvcastle-upon and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment Tyne and Sunderland, and Places adjacent, to the Number of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was re- of One hundred and One Persons; after stating, that they ceived; and read the First Time. had taken into Consideration the present State of the Tin-

Ref olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. mouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and the great Benefit

which would relult to the Navigation of the said Ports of A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Nezvcaft and Sunderland, and the Places adjacent, if the Common or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Common, laid Lighthouse should be altered, by taking down a Part and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor thereof, and erecting a Copper Lighthouse Lanthpm, and Parish oi Strat field Mortimer, in the Counties of and by substituting Tor the present Coal Light, an Oil

Berks and Hants, was read a Second Time. Light, on the improved Principle of Mr. George Robinson's

Vol. 57. Patent

204

5° Martii. H. 1802.

Kill to continue Act for

Kelief of Spiritual 'Persons, presented.

Account of Covinintril Servants at Fort Marlborough, ordered.

Mutiny Bill, prcltnted.

Patent Lamps, and high polished Silver plated Reflectors, with a revolving Machine, according to a Plan and Estimate lately made for the Purpose by the said George binfon; and the said Mailer, Warden, and Assistants, and other Persons aforesaid, did thereby request William Fowke, Esquire, as present Proprietor of the said Tin-mouth Lighthouse and Light, to cause the said Light-house and Light to be altered and improved accordingly; and in Consideration of the Colts and Expences which the said William Fozckc would thereby necessarily incur, and of the increased annual Expence which would attend the keeping, maintaining, and managing of the said Lighthouse and Light, in a proper Manner, according to the said Alteration and Improvement, did thereby signify their full Consent, that the said William Fowke should be authorized to receive, over and above the Light Duties now payable, the further Duties therein mentioned; and they thereby further requelled the said William Fowke to apply to Parliament, for an Act to enable the carrying their said Requell and Agreement into Execution. — And,

Mr. Ralph Shippley, being examined, laid. That he has been Mailer of a Ship in the Coal Trade about Twenty-five Years, and has known Lighthouse

the whole Timfc: That, as a Coal Light, it is kept up in as good a State as other Coal Lights, but when the Wind blows from the Well, it is surrounded with Smoke, and the Light very dim; and from a Number of Pit and Limekiln Lights near, frequently not to be distinguished from those; and often one of those has been taken for the Callle Lights, and by miltaking the Castle Lights, Ships have been aground, and considerable Damage has aril'en from the lame, and Ships embayed: That there is an Oil Refiefting Light on the Cromer Lighthouse (Norfolk Coall; on the Principle of that now proposed at Tinmouth, which the Witness has frequently lcen, and

has experienced the Utility of it, and is satisfied it has prevented the Loss of many Vessels. — And the Witness added. That, if an Oil Refiefting Resolving Light, such a one as at Cromer, was placed on Tinmouth Lighthouse, it would be of very great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of that Coall; and that such an Alteration has been long wished for by him and the Trade in general. — And,

Mr. Peter Sinclair, also a Mailer of a Ship in the Coal Trade, being examined, confirmed Mr. s Evi-

dence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to Hay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings " in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the " Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms:" And the ihm«' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Covenanted Servants of the East India Company at Fort Marlborough, with the Dates of their Appointments, and the Salaries annexed to their several

Olfices.

Mr. Secretary at War preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Delation; and for the better Payment of the Army and their (Quarters: And the same was received; and

read the Tirll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be a-ad a Second, Time upon Monday Moinitlg next "

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- Exchequer cording to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of presented. Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Times upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second BHlrefpefKnj Reading of the Bill to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon annamoi£on imported by the East India Company, and on Calfia See. Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in Lieu commirte<J* thereof, and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bil' Reading of the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a American Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing Treaty, Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the committc<1-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," to cease, or be suspended, under certain Circumstances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Imports from, and Exports to, the import* and United States of America and the Brit Continental fr0), and to Colonies respectively, for the Three Years ending the America, $cc. 5th January i8qi; and also for the Three Years ending ordered* the 5th of January 1793; distinguishing, each Year, and the British Manufactures from the Foreign Products; together with the Number and Tonnage of the British and Foreign Vessels which entered and cleared from thgfe Countries during the same Period; all'o, a like Account for the Three Years ending 5th January

1775-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Indemnify ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , J?'11*, House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as *rr have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Ad millions have been omitted tq be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, jiave been loft or njiflaid, and for allow-

Supply,

deferred*

Way* and

Means,

deferred*

Transportation Bill, deferred. (Expiring Laws.)

Greenland Whale Fisheries Bill, deferred. (Expiring Law.)

ing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admissiort as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for continue ing the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the fame, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Martii. 205

deep Regret, that it has fallen to my Lot to anfiveryouf Resolutions, and not to him, who lb nobly led the Army, and whole Conduct, Talents, and Example; so greatly contributed to the Success of those Three brilliant Days.

- Give me Leave to return you my sincere Thanks for the polite Manner in which you have been pleased to communicate the Resolutions of the House of Commons.

I have the Honour to be;

With great Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient very humble Servant,

Hely

General.

The Right honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, &c. &c. &c.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to Doxat's N.ir. whom the Bill for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Bill, reported. Doxat, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he- delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed;

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to-jauvs Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain, was Bill> reP°rtei-committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; Artd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce> 8° Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii III*" Regis, 1802. Prayers.

An Twer of /TR. Speaker acquainted the House, that the follow-

lord Hutch- JLVJL ing Letter had been received from the Right of Thank*? honourable Lord Hutchinson, in return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him, in Obedience to their Commands of the 18 th Day of

Malta, 28th December 1801.

Sir,

I have received with the utmost Satisfaction and Respect, the unanimous Resolution of the House of Commons, thanking the Generals, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of the Army in Egypt, who served under the Command of the late Sir Ralph Abercrombie, for their brilliant, noble, and meritorious Conduct in the Actions of the 8th, 13th, and 21st of March.

I have not failed to communicate your Resolutions to the different Parties concerned, and I am to ashire you, both in their Names and in my own, that nothing can be so grateful to our Feelings as the Approbation of the House of Commons, and the Testimony which they are pleased to bear, that the Army in Egypt has sustained the Honour of their Sovereign, and promoted the Glory of their Country. We know well that we have received One of the greatest Rewards that can be conferred upon British Subjects; and we rest in humble Hope that our future Conduct may not prove us to be entirely unworthy of such Distinction.

I cannot conclude without expressing a Sentiment of

VOL. 57.

Mr. Kynaston Powell presented to the House, accord- Ellefmer* ing to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, panted!' passed in the 3 3d Year of His present Majesty; intituled;

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the " County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near " Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also, for " making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from " the said intended Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, Upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the makitig of the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Act ley reported from the Committee, to whom Filby indo-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open sure Bill> Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within rcp0 ' the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land 'fax at £.22, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.21, who were neuter; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.551; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments

3 G were

Falmouth nn<l Kn-vn Koau Hnl, reported.

Pay appointed for JvlouJ He.id iu«; <v Kich-inomJ [ncJo* lure Bill.

Kollc's N.it. HiJi, palied.

dm flour -T -due and ( , ion

j l >,

i; d.

Ahrrdern

Bridt-wtil

Bill,

reported.

206 8° Mart 1802.

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, uj>on the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrcilld.

Sir IVi/Iiam Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Aifts, passed in the 1 ft and 2id Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, fur amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, I lei ft one, and Marazion, and from thence ro and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Welbvard of the said River and Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be incTofled.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloJing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Paliure, and Common, within the Parish of in the North

Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time, upon WednesdayMorning next.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Henrich Kolle, was read the Third Titjie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Henrich Kolle.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the ill Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmj Bridge, in in the County of Chester, through Nether A/derlcy and the Town oi Congleton, to or near The RedBull, in Church Laivlcn, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

O O # '

naents thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by-One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 't hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and luhlifting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof, was committed.

Sir jhim Stuart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed to be reported to the H<*use; and he read the 0

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

Mr. Johnes reported from the Committee, to whom Kidwelly the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Knrul* thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the sported, several Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llan-dilo, in the said County, was read; whereby the said Roads were divided into Two separate Districts, one of , which, comprizing several Roads in the said Act, was directed to be called The Kidwelly Dipt riel; and separate Trustees were appointed for each District. — Then, another Act, passed in the 19th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said recited Act, lb far as relates to the Road included in the Kidwelly Dislriel, and also for re-r pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the said County, was also read: — And,

Mr. John Spurrellbeing examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and made great Progress in repairing and improving such Parts of the said Roads as are comprized in the said District, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads to remain within the said District be properly repaired and amended, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and some further Tolls granted. — And this Witness being further examined, laid. That such Part of the Roads included in the said District as leads from the Town of Kidwelly to the Ferry of Llanjlephan, and from thence through the Town of Laugharne to Tavern-spite, in the Parish of Ki/pg, and from the said Town of Laugharne, through a Lane called The Long Lane, to the Upper Ford, or Ferry of Laugharne, is now become of little or no public Utility; and it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said Acts, with respect to the said District, should be discharged from the Care and Management of the above-mentioned Part of the said Roads. — And the Witness further laid, That the Road leading from the North Side of a certain Bridge, called Ponlygihrenlwyd ar Gwilly, to Poas described

in the Petition, is very ruinous, and, in some Places, lo very narrow and incommodious, that it cannot be fufii-ciently amended by the ordinary Course ot Law; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if Powers were granted for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 5th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, lb far as the same relate to the

KddvjellyDiftrift of Roads therein mentioned; for dil-

clurging

Uckfield Ko tds Bill, passed.

Kelso Two

Pennies Scots See. Petition, reported.

charging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending,

widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Gribinlwyd-ar-G willy, to a Bridge called,

and from thence to the River , in the Parish of

Llanedy, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan: And that Mr. Johnes and Sir James Hamlyn do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George e‘ the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in " Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the " Town of Uckfield, in the County of to Langney

" Bridge, in the Parish of Westham, in the said County,

" and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and " also, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" the Road from the Side Gate on the Horsebridge

Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Heliingly, to the " Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwash,

" in the said County," was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, p'afled in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of " his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending,

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading " from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the " County of Svfjex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of " Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually " repairing the said Road; and also, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Side " Gate on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, in the Pari 111 of Heliingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from " Crofsdn-Han i to Burwash, in the said County."

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to > whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Trustees under Two Acts after-mentioned, for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Bee,-, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the Shire of

Roxburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report tire lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fime was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River "Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, were read: — And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Duties levied under the Authority of the said Acts, have hitherto been applied by the Trustees for the Purposes thereby directed, particularly a great Part thereof towards the Charges of building and finishing the Bridge over the Tweed, and discharging the Debt incurred thereby; but the said Bridge was, within these few Years, totally destroyed and carried away by a Flood, and a new Bridge is now erecting near the Scite of the old one; that the other Purposes for which the Duty was intended Vol. 57.

are in a great Measure hitherto unaccomplished, and Cannot be completed unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged and continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, of the 32c!-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or. One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale,

Porter, and Beer, breu'ed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein. mentioned: And that Sir George Douglas and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- 'Broughton mon Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, withinj ^mmittedl11' and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy , in Perjhdre, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygor,

Mr. Andrew Foley, Sec.: And they are to' meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Jierrepont presented to the House, according to Great Crop-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the we^l.lI^clofur,: Open Fields, PaPaires, Commons, and Commonable presented. Grounds, Within the Parish of CropraBi/hop, otherwise Great Cropivell, in the County of Nottingham-. And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish jjiil, paired, of Handsworth, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Hands-worth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepontdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Horningfa and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, Ingj"fure and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste committed. Grounds, lying in tire Parish of in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles William Stuart reported from' the Com- wigtow* mittee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto p^^*n subscribing. Owners of Land in the County of Wigtown, reported', was- referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways " and Bridges in the County of Wigtown," was read: —

And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That some Progress has been made in making and repairing , the said Roads, but the Powers granted by the said Act have been found inefleftual for the Purposes thereby

intended.

Tinmouth Lightltouie i5ill, ordered.

Kcporr on Newton Inclosure Petition, recommitted.

filing ton Poor Bill, prcitnteJ.

208

8° Martii. 1802.

intended, and it would be of Advantage to the Public if the said Act was repealed, and more effectual Powers were given, for making and repairing the Roads in the said County; that the Road through the said County, from the High Bridge of C by Newton Douglas and Glenlttce to Port pat rick, and from thence by Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan, being one of the great Communications between England, Scotland, and Ireland, is in bad Repair, and cannot be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless Tolls are allowed to be levied thereon, and other Powers given; that the Laws now fubfiiting for the making of Roads and building Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual in the County of IVigtown to enable and maintain the Roads through the same generally; and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said laws into Execution; and that it is attended with Difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply the Statute Work in the said County; that a reasonable Composition in Money, in Lieu of actual Labour, is, in many Places, found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more ealy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Service, than the actual Performance; and it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of IVigtown to convert the Statute Sendees into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an additional Assessment than that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of l^ands, and other Persons in the said County, for making Highways and Bridges through the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown, and " for the more effectually amending, widening, altering,

" repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the " High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass,

" and Stranraer, to Portpatrick, and from Stranraer to " the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of " Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said- County:" And that Mr. Charles William Stuart and Mr. Spalding do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainmaring repotted from the Committee, to j*««kivr whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and en- w^rted. large the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 11 th,

26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and crols Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's!able:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second to C011-Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited. RelieffM an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Spiritual " An Act to (lay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March cwrlmitted " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings " in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the " Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Fermsbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That tfte Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Fowke, Esquire, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Tinmouth Castle Iighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of l'uch Improvement: And that Sir Matthezv White Ridley, Mr. Beaumont, and Sir Robert , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Wednesday lait, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend the Warden and Fellows of the Collegiate Church of Christ, in Lords of

the Manor of Nezvton, in the County Palatine of Lancet fer, and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Proprietors of the Common or Wade situate in the said Manor, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual, an

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Mut!n.y ®i!!* Reading of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; comnutt and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Transporta-to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws (Expiring relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Uws-) Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Greenland Reading of the ingrossed Bill for continuing the Boun- ^'s Biu, ilh* ties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland parted. ' Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the lame, be now read.

And

Committee on Report of Petition of Mei chants, &c. of Grenada and St. Vincent, deferred.

Exchequer Bills Bill (£. 1,000,000,) committed.

Account of Imports and Exports from and to

America, &c. presented.

Committee on Indemnity Bill.

And the said Order being fead accordingly}

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for admitting Affidavits to be received in certain Cafes from Parties not appearing.

And the said Clause was Thrice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, trading to, and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports from, and Exports to, the United States of America and the Continental

Colonies respectively, for the Three Years ending 5th January 1801, and also for the Three Years ending 5th January 1793; distinguishing each Year} and the British Manufactures from the Foreign Products; together with the Number and Tonnage of the British and Foreign Vessels, which entered and cleared from, and to, those Countries during the same Period; also, a like Account for the Three Years ending 5th January 1775.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes} to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, " Vo L. 57.

have been loft Or rtiiflaid, and for allowing the ih Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or ProCtors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Suppression- of " Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable " Purposes; and for better preventing Treasonable and " Seditious Practices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for indemnifying Persons who have printed or published Pleadings and other Proceedings m Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

3 H Amendments

Ioftru^ioi

Committee on Fort Marlborough Bill.

Committee on Bill refne&inj the Duties on Cinnamon, fcc.

210 8° — 90

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

deieired. ing ncXt> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wiys and Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

det'ened inS nexf' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mbrtisy 90 die Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii III. U Regis, 1802. Prayers.

Leeds and TV >TR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to otiey Road xVX whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and 1 , repurte . ajtering arKj enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 2 1 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, io far as the same relate- to the Road from Leeds to Otiey, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueand that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

otiey ami A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and skipton enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th

tommitud! Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His pre-l'ent Majesty, for repairing several Roads therbin described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otiey to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otiey to Skipton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafeelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

-yiiirtip Mr. /Idley reported from the Committee, to whom

liKioiure and the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are JJS* thereunto l'ubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and rcpoitfd. others, Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and 1 lereditaments, in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of-6

Martii. Jj. 180 2.

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Forjier, Junior, being examined, laid, That there are, within the Parish of Thirne, l'undry Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and that the Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water; and, in their present State, for want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Fields, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them according to their respective Estates,

Rights; and Interests, and if the said Marsh Lands, and such Parts of the said Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as are liable to be overflowed, were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thirne, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Act ley and Sir Martin Brczvnc Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Filby ing, the Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Ln)Cilofu{v., Grounds, within the Parish of Filbin the County of 1 ,p e ' Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Falmouth and tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed p<r"0'n in the ill and 2ift‘Years of the Reign of His pre- 1 'pa lent Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of He Ifl one, and

Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, and

Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Emanuel D ixst's Nan Francis Doxat, was read the Third. Time. B:11»

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat.

Ordered, That Mr. Barne do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain, K1'1'5 Nat. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

Ordered, That Mr. Barne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

fember added to brin^ in Chridchurch, See. Inclostire B;il.

Bill 'prerented;

Wigtown Rocids Bill, p relented.

Petition of Mr. Edwards, against Kempftcm Inclosure Bill.

Whitehaven Harbour Bill, committed.

Stockbridge and WincWlter Roads Bill, committed.

42 Geo. III. 90 Martii. 211

Ordered, That Mr. Slodne be added to the Gentle- City through B dim cur Lane to the Top of Stephen's men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Castle near the Town of in the Bill, porfuaht to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir George laid County, and from the said City of Ivifon ‘Tapps, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, through to Bar Gate, in the Town and County-

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Pro- of (he Town of Southampton, as relates to the South Dit-prietors of, or Persons interested in, certain Commonable trict of the Southampton Road, was read a Second Time.

Lands and W-afte Grounds, within the Parish of Ghrijl- Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amy at t, church, and Parish or Chapelry of Holdenhurst, in the Mr. George Henry: And they are to meet this

County of Southampton. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Mr S/oanepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill.for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain A Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an act- Chatham

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the ditional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the

Parish of Christchurch, and Parish or Chapelry of Holden- County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for kurjt, in the County of Southampton: And the same the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; was received; and read the First Time. and for the better Relief, Government, and Employ-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ment of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second

lime.

Mr. Charles William Stuart presented to the House, \Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed Geary, Sir Edward KuatchbuU, &c.: And they are to

in the 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in- the

tuled, " An Act for repairing the Highways and Speaker's Chamber.

" Bridges in the County of Wigtoivn," and for the

more effectually amending, widening, altering, repair- A Petition of the several Prisonere, confined for Debt ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High in His Majesty's Gaol of the City of Cork, was presented euuon' Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass, G/enluce, and Stran-to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; raer, to Pert Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Con- and praying Relief.

fines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan-, Ord That the said Petition do lie upon the and for levying a Conversion Money in Lieu of the Sta- Table., tute Labour; and otherwise regulating the making and

repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Tinmouth County: And the same was received; and read the according to Order, a Bill for improving the Tinmouth Ll|^oul« First Time. CajlleLighthouse and Light, and for authorizing addi- presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. tional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

A Petition of Richard Edwards, Esquire, of Nan- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. horn, in the County of Carnarvon, was presented to the

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for divid- Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Lancaster

ing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common to whom the Petition of the thereunder-signed Justices Petition, Rat#S

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable of the Peace acting in and for the County Palatine of reported.

Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempston, Lancaster was referred; That the Committee had exa-

in the County of Bedford; and Setting forth. That, mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed

unless a Clause is inserted in the said Bill to exempt him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

from the Operation thereof a certain old inclosed Farm House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

belonging to the Petitioner, situate at Kempston West wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

End, in the said Parish of Kempston, the same will be same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

very burthensome and appreffive to him: And therefore To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill John being examined, said, That at the Annual

for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Petitioner may General Sessions of the Peace, held at Preston, in the said

be heard, by himself or Counsel, and have such Relief County, on the 26th Day of June 1800, pursuant to the-

in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. Statute in that same provided, it appeared to the Court,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that the Afteflfnent, by which the County Rates are col-Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is ledted, had not been altered since the Year 1650, and is

committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself becoming very unequal, from the great Alterations which

or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, have taken place in the Value of Property in this long

if he thinks fit. Period of Time; that the Injury of this unequal Taxa-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- tion to many Parts of the said County is further aggra-

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the vated by the great Increase of the County Expenditure,

feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said which, in the last Thirty Years, hath advanced from

Petition. £. 1,500 to £. 17,000 per Annum; and it is therefore be-

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- come expedient that a more equal and effectual Method, mittee to whom the said Bill is committed. of making the County Rates within the said County

should be established.

A Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Powers of several Acts, palfed concerning the Harbour empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Sessions, other Purposes, was read a Second Time. to make an equal County Rate for the said County:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Low- Agid that Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Blackburnt. of Lanther, Mr. Wood, &c.: And they are to meet this After- cashire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, lame.

A Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Sir George William Shuckburgh Evelyn pre- Nuneaton

Powers of (b much of an Act, passed in the 41st Year fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for di- p"efented. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said and Stockingfori, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the Vol. 57. ' County

90 Martii. A. 1802.

County of Warwick; and also & certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottager's Piece: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Trent Navi- Lord Granville Leveson presented to the House,

cfemed*1' according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of

preen . Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the

Mersey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

West Challow Mr Metcalfeof Abingdon reported from the Com- Petition* rnittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons,

reported. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been

complied with, the Application to Parliament for in-doling the Lands mentioned in the Petition, not having been determined upon until the Time limited for giving the Notices had elapsed; but it appeared to the Committee, that all the Parties interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Ward, being examined, said. That the Lands described in the Petition, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, great Advantage would be derived to the several Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Lords ha re agreed to

Canterbury and Sandwich Road Bill.

Canterbury and R tmupje Roads Bill.

CUKerfield and Matlock Bridge Roads

Bill.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury, to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Rams-gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acls, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,' and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from thcTurnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowefley

Bridge, all in the County of Derby -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of in the North'

Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Warwick; with an Amendment; to which. Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Nix. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bills drawn upon the Sick and Hurt Office; with Dates — the Amount of each Bill — when accepted — when due — and when paid; since the iff of September 1801, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up;

A M°tion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.{ J£ *££ , } „.

Tellers for titt Noes, j ">» } s.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into " Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the " United States of America," to cease, or be suspended, under certain Circumstances.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

Sneaton inclosure Bill#

Wittenberg* Nat. BUI.

Barkefweil Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Pitney Lortie Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Committee on Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.1*000,000*)

Motion for

Account,

superseded#

Other Orders of the Day read.

Bill

respecting

American

Treaty,

deferred.

Indemnity Bill, reported.

Fort Marlborougl Factory Bill. Referred*

Bill respe£ing t Duties on Cinnamon, reported.

42 Geo. III.

9° — io

whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mill aid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the lame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the same; to indemnify, such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries dr Proctors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants an4 Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, was committed -,

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the 1 Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort , in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving ,e the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed;

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: . Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Vot.. 57,

Martii.

13

The House being informed that Mr. Owe)i (from the Account of Directors of the East India Company) attended at the s^anu at Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Fort the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account or the Covenanted Servants of the East India Company at Fort Marlborough, with the Dates of their Appointments; and the Salaries annexed to their several Offices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the 1'able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, io" die Martii; Anno 4- Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Wrexham and the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Barnh ll Road are thereunto subscribed, beingTruftecs for executing an Act, passed in the 226 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and'is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. Philip Humber Jon being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended in the Execution of the said Act; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly maintained, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and fume of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased. — A.nd the Wit-nels added. That part of the present Road, lying between the Town of Wrexham and the Borough of Holt, in the County of Denbigh, being very thunderous, and, owing to the Distance from Gravel and other Materials, is a continued and heavy Expence to the Trull, and it would tend much to the Advantage of the Road, and to the Convenience of the Public, it a Diverlion was made from a certain Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, on the same Road, through the Parish of Gresjord, to the Borough of Holt aforesaid, the same intended Diversion increasing very little, if any, the Distance between the aforesaid Places, and the Line of Road passing near to Gravel and other Materials.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from " Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the " County of Chester,"and for making, amending, and

3 I keeping

214

io ° Mar Hi. A. 1802.

keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lon.ion rock Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom

Company's the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc

reported'. thereunto subscribed, being Thirteen of the Directors

and Managers of the London Dock Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House. relative to Navigation Bills; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue,-within the Port of London, was readAnd,

Mr. John Rennie, Engineer, being examined, said. That the Company, conllituted by the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and a considerable Progress hath been made towards forming and completing the several Works thereby authorized and directed to be done: That, in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, it hath been found expedient by the said Company, that for the Purpose of making a commodious Entrance into and from the River Thames, to the Bason leading into the Dock, and for enabling the said Company to carry the Works authorized and directed by the said Act, into complete Effect, that the Directors of the said Company should be empowed to take and use Part of certain Premises called Bell Dock, in the Parish of Saint John, Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, situate upon the Bank of the River Thames, and adjoining on the West Side of the Entrance Lock; but Doubts have arisen whether the Powers contained in the said Act are sufficient to enable the Company to obtain such Part of the said Premises called Bell Dock, as they shall require, without an Enlargement of the Powers contained in the said Act. — Then,

Mr. George Robinson, Secretary to the Dock Company, being examined, said, That the said Company have, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, purchased certain Water Works situate in the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, the Proprietors whereof were incorporated by an Act, passed in the 3d and 4th Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, but Doubts having arisen, whether all the Powers contained in the said Act, are effectually vested in the said Dock Company, it is expedient that the said Act should be explained, and the Powers thereof effectually vested in the said Dock Company. — And,

Mr. Abraham Winterbcttbeing also examined, said,

That the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, have, in other Respects, been found defective and insufficient, and it is necessary that the same should be amended, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Sloane be added to the Gentlemen, irierd to bring who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-"n suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Francis Webb, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Wilts, and the most considerable Proprietor of the Rights of Common extending over a certain Trad of Common or \\ adc Land, called Oakfey , situate

within, or belonging to, the said Manor, being seised of

the Whole, except Rights of Common for Three Bcafls, or thereabouts.

Mr. Sloane presented to the House, according to Order, Bill presented. a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosir.g, a certain Traftof Common or Waste Land called Oakfey situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oakfey, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Johtes reported from the Committee, to whom the Llanelly Rail-Petition of the thereunder-mentioned Persons, being Dock

Proprietors of Lands and Iron Works in the County of reported! Carmarthen, and also Merchants, Traders, and otherwise interested in the Tracie, Mines, and Minerals, in the several Parishes of Llanelly, Llanon,

thick, and Llandebie, in the County of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Railways, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followefh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Walter Williams being examined, laid, That the making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages, from or near a Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, to, at, or near a Place called Caflell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of gel-aber by thick, in the said County of Carmarthen, and the making and repairing a Dock and Bason, and Pill, for Ships, Barges, and other Vessels, with the necessary Works, from the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near The Flats aforesaid, to communicate with the Sea, will be of very great Advantage to the several Collieries, Iron Mines, and Iron Works, in the Neighbourhood, and will also greatly tend to the Cultivation of the Country on the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coal, Iron, Stone, Lime, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, from, or from near, a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks called Caflell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanfthangel-aberbythick, in the said County;

and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats: And that Mr.

Johnes and Sir James Hamlyndo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the Sheriffs Devon Ward or Prison for the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the &id Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that 'Mr. Hodgson (from Account of the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he pr7medCBook* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, exported, pursuant to their Order, . presented.

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks obtained on Printed Books exported, for the Years ending 5th April 1795 to the 5th April 1801; and also, for the Three Quarters of a Year ending the 5th of January 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered,

Leave granted

for Notices respecting Bevcrftone Inclosure.

Richmond Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition against, referred, and Co an (el ordered.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

The House, was moved. That the Report, which, upon Friday lall, was made from the Committee, to whom, the Petition of Michael Hicks , Esquire, being the

principal Owner and Proprietor of Estates in the Parish of Beverfione, in the County of Gloucester, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of Beverfione, in the County of Gloucester, for Three Sun-

days in the present Month of March and in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York-,

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 5th Day of February last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, declined being heard upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laurence Dundas, Mr. Charles DSee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That tlTe Petition of the said several Persons be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrutftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Lygon be added to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Roads Bill. making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester-, and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the fame towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, tie inclosure^ -^n Atft for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, Bill, agreed to the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 44. 1. 25.7 Leave out from " mentioned" to Sz 26. £ " these," in Line 38.

1. ult. Leave out " dilTatisfied" and insert 4C claiming."

Vol. 57.

Pr. 45. 1. i. Leave out from " fo" to " at," in Line 30 and insert " in Dispute."

1. 7. Leave out from " Persons" to " shall," in Line 10, and -insert " so claiming."

1. 13. Leave out from " Persons" to " within," in Line 15, and insert " lb " objecting."

1. i6.7 Leave out " Determination" and in-& 17.3 fert " Objection."

Pr. 46. 1. 15. Leave out " dissatisfied" and insert " claiming."

1. 18.7 Leave out " the Determination of;"

& 19.3 and, in Line 19, leave out from " Commissioner," to the End of the Clause, and insert " shall proceed to " value the Tythes of such Estate,

" Lands, and Grounds, in the same " Manner as if no such Claim or " Claims had been made, and delivered as aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-ships.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Newent Roads Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Prelent‘ Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucifier, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester-, and also another Road, leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Pari Hi of Neivetit aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Eliot (from the Lords commissioners of Estimatet

the Admiralty) presented to the House, pursuant to their Presented! Address to His Majesty, ♦

An Estimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Ordinary and Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for Two Lunar Months, Exu'aoi NavT* commencing 26th March 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Money that will be necessary for Transports, Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge &c* of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 26th March and 20th 1802, being Two Lunar Months.

Mr; WiHi am E/iol also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of what Monies will be wanted for the Sick Prisoners Service of Sick Prisoners of War, between the 26th otvVar-hi arch and 20th May 1802.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. rn „n \

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated on

Fund in Ireland, for the Year 1802, as they stood on the dated °Kund'of 5th Day of January 1802, so far as the same can be Ireland, ascertained. ordered.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition of Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of His Majesty's Coroners, on Behalf of them- tion of Fees, selves, and the rest of the Coroners of the several Counties referred to a and Liberties within England and s, which was ommm<-e-presented to the House unon the 26th Day of February

last.

ig° Martii.

A. 1802.

lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

An Account of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, for the Year 1802, as they flood on the 5th Day of January 1802, lb lar as the same can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.: to be perused by the Members of the House

Committee on Transportation Kill. (Expiring Law.)

Committee on Mutiny bill*

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland rel'pedively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account this Volume.

is inserted in the Appendix to

slpfrndixt

(No. 31.)

m

a

A rcount of Charge on the Coxlolidated F u fid of Ireland, p; denied.

The House being informed that Mr. Chief

Clerk of the Treat ury in Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hou i'e, pursuant to their Order,

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the " last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting " Duties to His Majesty," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into " Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

" and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and " Coals imported into Ireland," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Importation " into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at a like " Duty as is payable in Grea Britain for the fame," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Laws,

" passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the " regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and " securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the col-.

" leding and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the " securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles,

" and on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, to lerve " for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and preventing Frauds by Redifiers; to " the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the " Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the " Duties on Tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum " and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of " Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of " Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures;

" to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regufeting the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and " preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of September,

" an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the " Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities in Manner " therein provided," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. '

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to amend and continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day " of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two,

" an Act passed in Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " regulating the Trade of a and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and amend " the several Laws in Ireland, to regulate the iffiiing of

" Licences

Certain Acts respecting Ireland, to be coul'idcred.

" Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, " and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing " the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made > in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth *. Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, " additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of , Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain

" Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of " Persons in Ireland holding Obligatory Instruments, " called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stampedmight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, as " permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, " Fees, and Pensions, in of Persons not resident

" in Ireland, for a certain Period," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Gnrinuii Account of all Grain and Rice imported into the several Ports oi England and Scotland, between the 10 th October imported. 1801 and the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported.

D» exported. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the several Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between the iotli October 1801 and the 5th January 1802; — distin-

guishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported.

Ayerage Price Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of Gram, &c. Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts-of Grain, Flour, Meal, and Malt, in England and Scotland, respectively, from the 5th July 180? to the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Week, Month, Quarter, and Year.

Exchequer Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported (^fi'loo^coo) from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. Bill for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Particulars of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Army Extra- Particulars, with the Dates thereunto, of the Difliibu-tion of the Sum of £. 600,000, granted for Army Extraordinaries, for the Service of the Year 1801, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

Vol. 57.

Ireland,

ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

' . r 1 1 JJillrespecting

to resolve itself into a Committee or the w'hole House, American upon the Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be Treaty, limited, to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation,

" concluded between His Majesty and the United States " of America," to cease, or be suspended, under certain

Circumstances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be bud before this House, an nnt* Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for the ireu^d,10 Year ended the 5th January 1802; specifying the several ordered Articles, and the Countries, and the Value; and distin* guishing the Export of Native Products and Manufactures; and also distinguishing the Import and Export of Foreign or Colonial Goods from British Native Products or Manufactures, and their Values respectively; together with the Rate and Amount of Duties, Bounty, or Drawback, paid on each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing the 25th March, of all Taxes and additional or increased Duties imposed in Iceland, from 1791 to 1801; distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each, its Amount in each Year, and the Total Amount of the Net Produce of the Whole in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all new Taxe.s imposed or additional or increased Duties enacted to be paid, within Ireland, since the ill January 1801; Ipecnying the Nature and Commencement of each, and the Total Amount, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, to 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds, how much of each Fund has been respectively redeemed, the Total Sum paid on Account thereof, and at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying their Total Amount, and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of ali Taxes or Duties, or additional or'increased Duties, which have ceased to be payable in Ireland at any Time since the 25th March 1800; specifying the Time when each ceased respectively; and distinguishing the Produce of each for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its ccafing, or for such Time lei's than the said Three Years, as it existed; distinguishing each Year, and the Rate of each Tax or Duty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, in the Year ending the ift January 1802; together with the Amount of the Proportion thereof to be defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, pursuant to the Seventh Article of Union.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland do lay before this House, the like Accounts as they were required by Law to lay before both Houses of Parliament in from the

3 K Period

si 8 10° — ii

Period of the last Account so furnished, to the latest Time it can be made up to.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for the Year ending the 25th March 1800, and from thence to the ift January 1801, in like Manner as the same were regularly delivered, at the Commencement of each Session, to the House of Commons of Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled in Ireland from the 25th March 1785 to the 25th March 1801, and thence to the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Year, and the Rate and Amount of Duty paid thereon, and the Spirits distilled from Sugar or Molasses; also, the several Periods when the Distillery was prohibited during the said Time, specifying the Authority of such Prohibition, and also the Periods when raw Grain or Malt was allowed to be uied in the Distillery.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Malt made in Ireland, from the Commencement of the Malt Duties on the 25th March 1785 to the 25th March 1801, and thence to the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year, the Rate and Amount of Duty, and the Periods when Malting was prohibited, either absolutely or partially, apd the Authority and Nature of such Prohibition.

Fort Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Oyder, reported

STb'? from Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported, ami Bill to authorize the East India Company to make their re-coranutted. Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

An<4 the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bjllj

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-rcommitted.

Resolved, That the said Rill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill to amend The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Relicf last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the ordered.01*1 " further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Impri- lonment of their Persons," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and to extend the Period limited thereby for the Release of Debtors, in as far as the same relates to the County of Lancaster: And that the Lord Stanley, Mr. Stanley, and General Gascoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Prmionof re lve itself into a Committee of the whole House-, to

Merchants, consider of the Report, which, upon the 23d Day of f'renada and February last, was made from the Committee, to whom

Sc Vincent) the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, desirrcdb trading to, and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wav? and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

detcired. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' 6

1 Martiu \ 1802.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third indemnity Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices ' and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been'omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the same; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifica- . tions to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal the Duties on Bill respecting Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and ci?in»mon,°a on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Du- paired, ties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy ii° die Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Leed*nd . altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, °*J«y R°?d pafi"ed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty *

King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read die Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his' late Majesty King George, the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several

Plymouth Embankment and Drainage Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Culham Road and Bridge Petition, reported.

42 Geo. Ill* ti* Afartit. 219

several Roads therein mentioned* so far as the tame relate George lnjittart and Mr. Charles Dvndas do prepare, to the Road from Leeds to Qtley, in the West Riding and bring in, the fame, of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wtlberforce do carry the Bill to the A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Stonnaii and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Towers* of Two Acts; one passed in the 33d Year Bl£^*ch

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Road Bill,

Sir William Elford reported from the Committee* to and the other in the 18th Year of the Reign of his pre- committed* whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain sent Majesty* for repairing and widening the Road from Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the the Barrs at Roughton, within the Liberties of the City Village of Crab Tree, called Tot hill Bay and Lipfou Bay, of Chester, to Whit church, and from thence to Newport,

near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of in the County of , to Bank, in the County

Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the jPur- of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and pose of embanking and preserving the same from the Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the Sea, was committed; That the Committee had. eica- County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Bir-mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same minghdm, in the same County* so far as the said Acts to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnaii, in the said Committee; and diat the Committee had gone through Couttty of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from CaJVe the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which wick to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads they had dire died him to report to the House; and he in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time. < read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Ref That the Bill be committed to Sir the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn, Mr. Gauffen, &c.:

W here the Report was read. And they ‘are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House. Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk re- Finiofd

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for con- s^ham^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the R°oads BUI, the said Bill. Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the 28th reported.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee, Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Houses, therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from and Pofiessors and Occupiers of Farms and Lands in the the Qrofs of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Counties of Berks and Oxford, was referred; That the Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same Committee had examined, and found that the Standing County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and of Oxford, was committed; That the Committed had Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tho that the Committee had examined the Matter of the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone laid Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the unto, which they had directed him to report to the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at as followeth; viz, the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Samuel read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Selwood, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of were agreed to by the House.

Culham, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Parishes of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the County of ingrafted.

Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston Tirrol, into the Turnpike Road near the A Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners, whole petition of

Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks, is in Names are thereunto subscribed, acting in Execution of many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers, an Act, made in the 35th Year *of the Reign of His hnd Haven, and out of Repair; and it would be for the Benefit of present Majesty, for the better Preservation and Improve- against Tin-the Public if the same were widened, altered, amended, ment of the River Wear and Port and Haven of - "

and made passable throughout for Horses, Carts, and land, in the County Palatine of Durham, was presented Carriages, and effectually kept in Repair; and such Road to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for would also be rendered more convenient and useful to improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and the Public, and a better Communication would be ob- for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of tained, by the Erection of a Bridge at or near Culham such Improvement; and Setting forth. That, by the Wharf, in the said County of Oxford, to extend across said Act, certain Duties are granted and made payable on the River Thames or Isis, in, from, and out of, the Coals exported from the said Port of Sunderland, as a Parish of Culham aforesaid, to and into the Parish of Fund for preserving and improving the Navigation of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks. the River, Port, and Haven of Sunderland, but that no

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Duties or Contributions are imposed upon any other making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Port or Place on the Merchandize or Shipping thereof, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road in or in Aid of such Fund; and that any additional Duties the Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford, to and to be imposed on Coals exported from the said Port will through the Parishes of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the prejudice the Trade thereof, and leften the Fund lb County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the granted for its Preservation and Improvement; and that.

Lane leading from Aston Tirrold into the Turnpike Road as the chief Part of the Ships and Vessels employed in near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of the Trade of Sunderland are not navigated, nor do pass Berks; and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames by the said Lighthouse and Light at Tinmouth, and Conor Ifs, at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of sequently cannot derive any material Benefit from such Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Light, the Petitioners submit that it would not be con-Courtney, in the said County of Berks: And that My. ftftent with the Principles of Justice to make the Port VoL. 57. of

ix ° Martiu A. 1802.

of Sunderland any Way contribute to the intended Alte-

rations of TinmouthLighthoui'e and Light; and that the Petitioners have not consented to the said additional Duties, or to the said Bill: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that the Coal exported from the said Port of Sunderland, and the Ships employed in its Trade, and the Cargoes thereof, may be exempt from the Duties in the said BiH.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Saint Anne's Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Iter) Church, w^om t^ie Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and &c. Petition,' Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of Saint Anne, within reported. His Majesty's Liberty of and of the several

other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; ‘viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Pepys Cockerell being examined, said, That the Tower of the Church belonging to the said Parish, having in the Year 1800 been found to be very ruinous, it became necessary, according to the Report of experienced Architects, that the same should be immediately taken down, which was accordingly done, and a considerable Progress hath been made in Re-building the lame: That by taking down the said Tower, several Parts of the Church were unavoidably damaged, and the said Church is generally very much out of Repair, and the Church-yaid requires, as well by additional Vaults as otherwise, certain Improvements, for the more decent Interment of the Dead, and that these several Improvements will require a considerable Sum to be expended: That the Place used as a Velby Room for the said Parish, was included in the said Tower, very inconveniently situated, in a ruinous State, and much too small: That the Watch House and Engine House were so much out of repair, that it became necessary that they should be taken down, which was accordingly done, and a new Vestry Room, with a Watch House and Engine House, and Vaults under the fame, have been built. — And the Witness further laid. That the Burying Ground adjacent to the said Church, will, in consequence of the increased Population of the Parish, loon become too small, and is incapable of being enlarged; and it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Purchase of a Piece of Ground to be used as a Cemetery, for the said Parish. — Then,

Mr. Emanuel Allen, being examined, said. That the Discharge of the Debts already incurred in the Progress of the Re-building of the said Tower, and the several other Improvements above-mentioned, will, altogether, amount to a large Sum, and that the Money cannot be raised according to the Method prescribed by the Laws now in being, without being very oppressive on the Inhabit.ints of the said Parish, and occasioning considerable Ditlrefs to the poorer Class of Housekeepers. — And being further examined, the Witness said. That the Mode of paying the Stipend to the Rector of the said Parish, by a Special Rate, on the Inhabitants, has been found inconvenient and expensive, and it is conceived it would be more advantageous to the said Inhabitants if a more cafv and lei's expensive Mode of paying the said Stipend were adopted. — And he further said. That the Method of collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish hath been found inconvenient, and it would b.e of considerable Advantage if a more speedy and effectual Mode ot collecting the lame, were established: 't hat the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and

are supported and maintained in a House provided for their Reception, which House having become too small, it is necessary that Powers should be granted for enlarging the fame, or providing another House in some other Situation; and that it is expedient that Provision should be made for appointing a Clergyman, with an adequate Stipend* to attend and instruct the Poor within the said House, and that proper Regulations should be established for the Management, Employment, and good Government of the Poor, as well within the said House, as all others receiving parochial Relief within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing the Re-building of the Tower of the Parish Church Of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room;

Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, and impfoving the Church-yard, and for making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish: And that Mr.

Mainwaring and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Saint Leonard, whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain and paying Bill amend an Act, made in the' 2 2d Year of the Reign of reported. his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and " cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint " nard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for " better enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes,

" Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly " Watch and Beadles within the said Panlh," and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways,

Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions and Annoyances, therein, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- wiimflow ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Bridge and 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- Road Bin) repairing and widening the Road from Wiimflow Bridge, polled, in Wiimflow, in the County of Chester, through Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red Bull, in Church Laivton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge, in Wiimflow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red Bull, in Church Lawton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobhousereported from the Committee, to whom Stretford'*

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p«fnonf°*d* thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing certain reported. Acts for the Repair of the Roads thereinafter-mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike

Bills,

t^,

11° Martiu

Bills, had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame,'as it appeared to them, to the Mouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late* Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the

New Inn, in the Parish of Win the County of Salop, and also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymin the said County of Hereford; and for repealing to much of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymjlrey Bridge-, also, an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said Act, were read: — And,

Mr. Edward Robfori Ward, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by or by virtue* of the said recited Acts, have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing; and that the said Debt canrfot be discharged, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, altered, and repaired, unlel's the Term, by the said Acts granted and continued, is enlarged, and the Pow'ers and Provisions thereof are altered, varied, and amended, and the Tolls increased: ITiat the Road from Wigmore, through Pay to, to the Netv Inn, which is part of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Acts, being nearly parallel with the other Road therein described, from Wigmore to the New Inn aforesaid, the Petitioners conceive it is not necessary that the same should be continued under their Care, and it is expedient that they should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof: That the Road from Walling Street Road, in a Place called The Long Lane, to the said Place called The New , in the County of Salop, does not necessarily form a Part of the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, but. might be more easily and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the 8th, 25th, and 41st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Castle, and from

Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at and from

Brockton to the Turnpike Road at in the several Counties of Salop, Ra, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also for widening, repair* ing, altering, and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- cond, intituled,. An API for amending and widening the " Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, the County of " Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Winftanftow, tc in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey,

" in the said County of Hereford, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Year of

" the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge;" for discharging the Trustees for executing the said Acts from the Care of certain Parts of the Roads in the said Acts comprized, and for transferring the Road leading from the Watling Street Road in a certain Place called The Long Lane, to a certain Place called The New Inn,

V o l. 57.

in the said County of Salop, to the Care oif the Trustees for executing several Acts, passed for amending and widening several Roads from the Town of Castle,

and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at , in

the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads in the said last mentioned Acts described: And that Mr. Hobhouse and Sir William Elf ord do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Exchequer Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum.

of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the paflbdi ' Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly)

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, to indemnify suchPerfbns ,u»Pafle as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; to allow further Time to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected td obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Pur* pose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpo- rations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One Thousand Eight hundred and Two to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to allow, until the Twenty-fourth Day of Decembet One Thousand Eight hundred and Two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and

3 L x Contrafts

by

Mutiny Bill, reported.

Report

Supply.

Seamen.

Wayes for

I>.

ViO unis for

D-.

Wear and Tear of Ships.

Ordnance for Vi t'rrvice.

222 ii° Martii. A. 1802.

Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the lame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Prodlors, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until Two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Persons who have printed or published Pleadings and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame- were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One hundred and Thirty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of 1802, including

Thirty thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Eighty-One Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said One hundred and Thirty thousand Men, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Ninety-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One hundred and Thirty thousand Men for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1S02, at the Kate of One Pound Eighteen

Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Eighty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and 'fear of the Ships in which the said One hundred and Thirty thousand Men are to lerve, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said One hundred and Thirty thousand Men are to lerve, for Two Lunar Months,

commencing the 26th Day of Marchi8da, at the Rare of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on MoJa"«x!. Shore: And that Mr. William Eliot, Mr. Nepean, Mr.

Garthfiore, and Mr. Markham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the East India borough F*c-Company to make their Settlement at Marlborough, tory in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Me. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con- t^ie Actor tinue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Relief of last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to stay, Spiritual " until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand erl0U!>*

" Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions under " the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging " Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings,

" and from taking of Ferms."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller The Lords Pepysand Mr. Ord: |uve a8reed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act.Expiring for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Laws Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Nezvfound-land and the Coast of Labrador, until the Twenty-fourth

Day

Day of June One thousand Eight hundred an'd Eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of British-b\x\\t, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; without any Amendment: And also,

"Woodbridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Eye Hoad for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall, in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

Finlngham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act "nd for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and inclosure Bill, Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of and

with Amend- Gijlingham, in the County of Suffolk-, with some Ainend-®ent*' rnents; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Granting a A Motion was made, That this House will, Tomorrow M°rning> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p"ac«of ° House, to consider of empowering His Majesty to grant Confinement, a Salary' to an Inspector of Places of Confinement for <U«d.C°n<i" Felons and other Offenders.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of empowering His Majesty to grant a Salary to an Inspector of Places of Confinement for Felons and other Offenders.

inftmftion to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Committee on who are appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or Law*. near expiring,'and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual. That they do esquire what Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature, which have been made by the Parliaments of England, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in Force; distinguishing the Matter of each such Statute, its Date, Title, and Period of Continuance. — And also, what Law's of such a Description, passed by the English, British, Irish, or United Parliaments, have expired between the nth Day of November i 8 go and the ill Day of January 1802, inclusive; distinguishing to what Parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate. — And also, what Laws of such a Description are about to expire within Twelve Months from the ill of January 1802, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, or before the 31 ft Day of July 1803, or in consequence of any contingent Event; distinguishing in like Manner to w hat Parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate: And that they do report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Poor Relief Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pill, ordered, the more effectually distinguishing and relieving of in-. dustrious Parish Poor, and for the Regulation of Over-seers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards: And that Mr. Simeon, Mr. Martin of Tewkesbury, and Mr. John Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bill respecting Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported TreatyCan from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

reported. Bill to empower His Majesty, for a Time to be limited,

to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act

Vol. 57.

of the 37th \ car of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the " Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States " of America,*' to cease or lie suspended, under certain Circumstances, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to feport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'l'ime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do make the Report Surrey and from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fe- peJ'ioif'ra- veral Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, ported. being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of tv ark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston, and from Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton and from

Newington to the East End of PeckLane, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts then in Force as related to the said Roads; anil for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to IVitchcross, in the County of Sussex, was referred.

Sir John Frederick accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. George Thcakston- being examined, said, That great

Progress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the 'lolls granted by the said Act, and which Hill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased. — And the Witness further laid, That it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads, if the said recited Act was wholly repealed, and all the Powers and Authorities necessary to be granted or continued for repairing all the said Roads, w'ere consolidated in One Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Sir John Frederick and Mr. Samuel Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

Hackney Road Bill, passed.

Accounts of Irish Exports and Imports, presented.

Ifiin^ton Poor Bill, committed.

Order of Leave for Notices for Worthing Roads, dil charged.

i 2" Martii.

A. 1802.

Veneris y 12* Martii j

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802;

'R AYERS.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of Sussex, was referred, might be again read;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Njngrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Ordeted, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill rdered.

XX. enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the amending, widening,

11

improving, and keeping in Repair, th, 26th,"and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Ma- the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of jesty King George the Second, and in the 22d Year of the water, in the County of by Findon, Wajfnngton

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road Hill Rook, and Ashingloti Common, to Post, and from from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford thence, by Hep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning

Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to Turnpike at West Park, in the said County:

the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, And that Mr. Fuller and General do prepare, and was read the Third Time. bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Ordered, That Mr. Howard be added to the Gefitle- ^edtobrin the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, fn Kempsfo"! Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several and Dryifield his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Perlbfts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- Inclosure Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parishes of and in tire County of

Gloucester.

Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing tile Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge , over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Kir. Mahnvaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Wether all (Assistant Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Exports of Ireland, for the Year " ending 25th of March 1801 And also,

A Petition of the fevetal Perfofls, whole Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of pa"^"onirrs Hereditaments and Premises, and Parishioners, of the of Ckatham, Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, was pre- aga'mtt Chat-fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the °°r Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates, and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and Setting forth, That

A Book, intituled, " Imports of Ireland, for the Year the said Bill is brought forward by a few Individuals of

" ending 25th of March 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

the said Parish, contrary to the Decision of a large Majority of the Parishioners, in Public Vestry assembled, for the Purpose of determining on the said Measure j and that the Petitioners consider the general Law of the Land fully adequate for the Government and

The laid Books are preserved amongst the other Regulation of the Poor of the said Parish; that the

Papers of this Session.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual afi Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 22d Day of February last, " That l^eave be granted " that Notices may be given at the Quarter Sef-

" lions to be holden for the County of and Three

" Times in the Newspaper called The Suffix Weekly " Advertiser, in the Months of March and April next, or

" either of them, of the Application to Parliament for " Provision being made for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Hoad leading from " Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County " of Sift ex, by West Tarring, Findon, Hill

" Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from " thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the " Steyning Turnpike at West Grinfted Park, in the said " County," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that it was not the Intention of the Parties who made the Application, that the proposed new Hoad should be carried through any Parish not included in the original Notices;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

present Bill, in their Judgment, will be attended with a very considerable Expence, and consequently much increase the Poor Rates, and, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Rights, Interests, and -Property of the Parishioners of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, ter whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents,

Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hozvard presented to the House, according to Kempsford Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering and Dryffi«M more effectual, an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the presented.1*111* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and " Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of " Kempsford and Dryftield, in the County of ,"

and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

42 Geo. Ill

12

225

Lancater Mr. IVilbrahAm Bootle presented to the House, afc-RatCS cording to Order, a Bill for empowering the Justices of presented. the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Sessions, to make an equal County Rate for the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Baldwin Brightwell Inc To lure Bill, presented.

Spdftmrjr Inclosure recommitted Petition, reported.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin,

in the County of Oxford: And the same wa& received; and read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Spelfbury, in the County of , to which belong

Rights of Common over and upon th'e Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that all the Parties concerned were consenting, except one Proprietor, who holds, for the Term of her Widowhood, 4 Yard-Lands, under Lord Dillon, the principal Proprietor; and that the whole Property in the intended Inclosure consists of 58 Yard-Lands; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry John North being examined, said. That there are, within the Parish of Spelfbury, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, great Advantage would be derived to them therefrom. — -And the Witness added, That it will be attended with a great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for making such Allotments and Inclosure in this present Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Merioneth, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Longparith A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inclosure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste committed. Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythings of West Aston, otherwise Yafon, and Middleton, in the Parish of Longparish, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Smith, Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Abstract of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an o/the Trea- Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in fury in ire- Ireland in One Year, from cth January 1801 to cth

land, ordered. ~ 0 3 3

' January 1802.

... VOL. 57.

Mr. Carry presented to the htoufe, pursuant to the Account of Directions of an Act, of the Parliament of Ireland, of commit5 An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of sioners of" the Commissioners of Accounts, from the 25th Day of Accounts in December 1800 to the 5th Day of January 1802. patented.

And the Title of the said Account w'as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Merioneth

Debtors

Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. (Chief

Clerk of the Treasury in Irelandattended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ah Account; shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1801, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, has been difptifed of; distiri-guished under the several Heads: And also.

An Abstract of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland in One Year, from 5 th January 1801 to 5th January 1802.

And then he withdrew*

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the first is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Accounts} presented i

Disposition of Grants for Ireland.

Receipts, &c. of the Treasury in Ireland.

Appendix

(No. 32.)

and Account* referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oil to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, respecting^* to consider of certain Acts, made in the last Session of Ireland. Parliament, relative to the Revenue of be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Act, for the Union Act of Uni on; of Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Act be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Permanent Charges oh the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, for the Year 1802, ' as they stood on the 5th Day of January 1802, so far as the same can be ascertained, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob house took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hob/idufe reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had d hefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Weiler

Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Eight hundred and Four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and fof continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the lame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' intituled, "An Act " for repealing an Act, made in the Tzvenly-seventh Year " of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping the Road leading

3 M . from

The Lords have agreed

Greenland Whale Fisheries Bill. (Expiring Law.)

Uikfield Roads $ilL

Hnivlsworth

inclosure Bill.

Fishy Indolurc Bill.

Mutiny Bill, pitied.

Ordnance Fthmate pi dented.

appendix,

(No. 33.)

Bill to continue Act for Relief of Spiritual Persons, „ reported.

Marine Mutiny Bill, prucntctL

120 Martii.

A. 1802.

" from Union Point, mar the ‘town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the of

Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually " repairing the said Road; and also for amending, -

" ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Side Gate " on the Horiebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of " I lelSingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-<f Hand to Burvvafh, in the said Countywithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Handsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Fishy, in the county of ; without any

Amendment.

Ani^then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Months of April and May 1802 — Land Service. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to stay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in " Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, " for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities " of Livings, and from taking of Ferms," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrossed.

Mr. William Eliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Fort

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the FEast India Company to make their re-committed Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a BUI, reported. Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the' Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, |^antintg to consider of empowering His Majesty to grant a Salary inspector of to an Inspector of Places of Confinement for Felons Places of and other Offenders, be now read. Confinement.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the' 8th Motion for and 9th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, in- ^spefting tituled, " An Act for making good the Deficiencies of income Tax,

" several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the witll(lr*wn*

" Capital Stock of the Bank of England-, and for raising " the Public Credit," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That there be laid before this House an Account of the Produce of the Income Tax, to the 5th of April 1802, as far as the same can be made up.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Motion for in a Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation ®ing of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; Manufacture

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the *onfidei5 Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. ;n a com-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- mittee. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £^a°u^ent upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain and Drainage Parcels of Land, situate between Prince Rock and the B,u*

Village of Crab Tree, called TothillBay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

12

*3

MartiL

42

Committee of Supply.

Estimates referred: Ordinary and Extra of Navy.

Transports,

See,

Sick Prisonarc of War.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Mr. Ellison took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Ellison reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to feceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, For the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing 26th March 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Money % that will be necesiary for Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the F.xpence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 26th March and 20th May 1802, being Two Lunar Months* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what Monies will be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, ljetween the 26th' March and 20th May 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander- reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was direifted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty -,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Billrespecting The Order of the Day being read, for the Third American Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower His

deferred. Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to cause certain

Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of " Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," to ceale' or be suspended, under certain Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

alra(h Roads Ordered, That Sir William Elford do make the Report Bill, reposed, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 2d and 17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, was committed.

Sir William Elford accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there* fe Vol. 57.

Unto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* referred to their Consideration, and had heard the Second and last mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

/ Sabbati, 130 die Martii;

Anno 42° Georgii Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A BIL L for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted Dundee Two by several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Peg-'1'1es Scot* Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and committed* vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberty and Suburbs thereof, was read a Second Time. , .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Frederick Stuart, &c.: And they are. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. - "

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Coningtfcy Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Com- inciofure Bill monable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Co- comnu ningsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second

Time. ..

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellison,

Mr. Sibthorp, he.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Fin^ham An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Com- and mons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Fining- Giflmgham ham and Giflingham, in the County of Suffolk. agreedto. *

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. To. 1. 19. Leave out " that after such Trial or .".Trials," and insert " the Verdict " or Verdicts which shall be given " in such Action or Actions shall " be final, binding, and condusive,

" upon all and every Person and " Persons whomsoever, B.ody and " Bodies Politic, Corporate, or " Collegiate, unless the Court " wherein such Action or Actions " shall be brought shall set aside " such Verdict or Verdicts, and " order a new Trial to be had " therein, which it shall be lawful " for the Court to do, as is usual in " other Cafes 5 and that after such

" Verdict

A. 1802.

13° Mar tii.

" Verdict or Verdicts shall be ob-c‘ tained, and not set aside by tlfo Court."

Pr. 10. I. 27. After " Trials " insert " Provided " always, That the Determination of the said Commissioners " touching such Claim or Claims " of Soil or Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds " hereby directed to be divided,

" allotted, and inclosed, or any " Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected " to, the Party or Parties objecting " not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in " as aforesaid, shall be final and " conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that nothing in this " Act contained shall authorize " the said Commissioners to de-

" termine the Title to any Met " fuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Frere do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Great A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

inefofure Bill Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, committed. ' within the Parish of Cropwe/l Bishop, otherwise Great Cropzvell, in the County of , was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr pont, Lord fVi/liam Cavendish Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Plymouth Mr. Ellison, according to Order, reported from the «id^rainage Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re committed enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, Bill, reported, fixate between Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Free, called Fothill Bay and Bay, near to the Borough

of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Report on ISJlr. Hob house, according to Order, reported from the

rwVeUing*' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred lrcl.mil. to consider of certain Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the Revenue of , the Refo-

lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and af terwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties which were continued by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing. Until the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of

land, for granting Duties to His Majesty," and not repealed by any other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, and also the several Duties granted in the same Session of Parliament, the Duration of which were limited until the 25th Day of March 1802, should be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland, should be further continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Corry,. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart,

Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Henry , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of

/~\rrJ„r Reduction of

' . , _ , . National Debr

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of of Ireland, the National Debt, of all Sums which have been paid PresenteJ-to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been redeemed or purchased by them, together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the Times of their pure haling, redeeming, and paying off the fame, and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a General State of the Fund; specifying whether any, and what Money still remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them; and also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them, and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 34.)

A Petition of the Retailers of the City of Dublin, Petitionftofct dealing in Articles of Foreign Trade, was presented to D'lbl"V the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, Dunes1©! passed in the last Session of Parliament, the additional Goods im-Duty of Si x per Cent, payable by Retailers on the Importation of various Articles of Trade and Commerce into Ireland, has been continued; and that the Petitioners feel themselves greatly aggrieved by the Continuance of this Law, which leaves them entirely at the Mercy of the Wholesale Dealers, and prevents them from making use of their Capital in the Importation of Goods, without abandoning the Retail Trade entirely:

And therefore praying the House to take such Measures towards*a Repeal or Discontinuance of the said Law, and the Duty arising therefrom, as to them shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it gating* was referred to consider of empowering His Majesty to infpTfto/of grant a Salary to an Inspector of Places of Confinement Places of for Felons and other Offenders, the llesolution which Confinement* the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

- Th*

Instruction.

Report

Supply*

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Transport Service, &c.

Sick Prisoners of War.

Fort:

Ala rl borough

Factory Bill, passed.

Leave granted for Notices respecting West Challow Inclosure.

42 Geo. III.

That Provision should be made for empowering His Majesty to grant such Salary to an Inspector of Places of Confinement for Felons and other Offenders, as His Majesty shall think proper, not exceeding Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland relpt&ively, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read In his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refohed', That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty Thousand Four Hundred and Three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the-Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Fifty-five Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of the Navy, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Forty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1802.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize the East India Company to make their' Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Prelidcncy of FortW in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Prefi-dcncy of Fort Saint George, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; >

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Saint George.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Tuesday lait, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Manor and Hamlet oi West Challow, in Vot.57.

329

the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks, was referred, might be again read*

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on one of the Doors of the Parish Church of Letcombe Regis, and Chapel of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks, on Three Sundays in the present Month of March and in the Month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. committed.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 15® die Martii;

Anno 42® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Crewe presented to the House, according to Wrexham Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the p^fented.' 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An A & for amending, widening, and keeping in " Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of " Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester," and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 18th Year Wigtown of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An A<fl for " repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County " of Wigtown," and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stewart,

Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Christchurch, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the &c< Parish of Christchurch, and Parish or Chapelry of Holden- committed. hurst, in the County of Southampton; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane,

3 N Sir

130 — 150 Martii.

30

150 Ma.

A. 1803.

Sir Henry Paulet Si. John AJilJmay, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Oakfey A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

committed/ ' Trad of Common or Waste Land, called Oakfey

mon, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oakfey, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Mr. Penruddocke IVyudham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

f*ave on ed

for Notices re I peeing Spellbury lncioiurc.

Mountjoy

Square

(Dublin)

committed.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of in

the County of Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred, might be read again.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of Spe/fbury, in the County of Oxford, for Three Sundays in th.e present Month of March and in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Bill for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin, Improvement was read a Second Time.

Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant

Moore, Mr. Hardman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, incioiureBiil, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-agreedto. rnons and Wafl.es within the Manor and Parish of Barkefveell, in the County of Warwick.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. ult. Leave out from " mentioned" to " And," in Pr. 22. 1. 28.

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn do -carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Nuncjt«n A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the committ-d1"' Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

NV.vton

Inclosure

committed

>vtitu»n,

« ported.

Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Reverend the Warden and Fellows of the Collegiate Church of Christ, in Manchester, Lords of the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 8

being all the Proprietors of the Common or Waste , situate within the said Manor, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, but it appeared to the Committee that all the Proprietors of the said Common had consented to the Inclosure; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and js ?s followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Haljlead being examined, fiid. That there is within the Manor and Township of Nin the Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, a certain Common or Waste, containing by Estimation 140 Statute Acres, which, in its present State, is of small Value; but that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and the Allotments held in Severalty, they would he capable of very great Improvement, the said Common being situate within the Distance of Three Miles from Manchester. — And the Witness added. That if the said Inclosure should be deferred until another Year, the Delay would be attended with great Loss and Inconvenience to the Proprietors.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for Three Sundays in the present Month of March and in the Month of April following, or either of them, of th.e Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

A Petition of the Ship Owners of the Port of . Petition of

land near the Sea, in the County Palatine of , of su^iedaud

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice against of the Bill for improving the Tinmouth Lighthouse Li^hthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties Bill, in respect of such Improvement; and Setting forth,

That the Tolls or Dues now received by the Person seised of the said Lighthouse, have, in consequence of the great Increase in the Number of Ships at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, been augmented in a very

large Proportion, and that any Advance upon them is unreasonable and unnecessary for the Purposes for which such Tolls were originally granted and made payable; and that Tinmouth Lighthouse is built on the Main Land, at the Distance of Seven Miles North of Sunderland Harbour, and therefore Ships trading from that Harbour to any of the Southern Ports are seldom in Sight of, and are rarely, if ever, materially benefited thereby; and that the Ships on their light Passage from their Port of Delivery to the Southward of the Port of Sunderland, are occasionally benefited by Tinmouth Light; but the Dues already paid, viz. One Shilling Ship each and every Voyage, are much more than adequate to any Advantage that can be derived from such intended Improvement of the said Lighthouse or Light:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Coals, and other Goods and Merchandize, exported from the said Port of Sunderland to the Ports lying to the Southward of the same Port, and the Ships employed in that Branch of the Trade, and the Cargoes thereof, may be exempt from the Duties to be imposed in and by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Bo- Petition of rough of Richmond, in the County of York, in their kichmondj Corporate Capacity, was presented to the House, and a«ninft read; Taking Notice of the Bill for divitling, allotting,

and

Llanelly Railway and Dock Bill, presented.

Saltalh Roads Bill, passed.

Newent Roads Bill, committed.

Worthing Roads Bill, presented.

231

and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of in the

North Riding of the County of York j and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised and possessed of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture called Whitcliffe, and the , and to the

Soil and Freehold thereof, and also to various Rights and Privilege therein; but the said Bill does not duly acknowledge and set forth the Petitioners Rights in and to the said Lands and Grounds, as is usual in such Cases, but in many Respects seems calculated to deprive them thereof: And therefore praying, That their Rights and Interests may be admitted, and properly set forth in the Preamble to the said Bill, and that such other Alterations may be made therein, as may appear to the House necessary to secure and preserve to the Petitioners their ancient Rights and Privileges, as well as a fair and just Proportion of the said Grounds to be allotted to them; or, in case such Rights and Privileges ftfould be disputed, that the Petitioners may be allowed to justify and support the fame, by due Course of Law, before the said Bill shall be fullered to pass through the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Johnes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of , in the County of

Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks called Castell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanfihangel-aber by thick, in the said County, and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 2d and 17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devoleading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall,

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown in the Town of

Newent, in the County of Gto join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, the Marquis of Wor&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of by

Findon, Waftiington Hill Rock, and Aftiington Common, to

Vol. 57.

Dial Post, and from th'ence, by Nep and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinjled Park, hi the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the of

Acts herein after-mentioned; and also, of the several Highway for other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Premiion in being Creditors under the same Acts, was presented to Bill?* the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the ljle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel; and also a Branch, or short Cut, from the said Road to communicate \yith Queen Street, in the Parish of Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London; and Setting forth, That certain Acts were passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the 5th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; and that the said Acts have been put in Execution, and a Debt amounting to £. 3,000, or thereabouts, hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remains due and owing; and that the Road mentioned and described in the said Bill will cross Part of the Road comprized in the said recited Acts, and run parallel to the principal Branch thereof; and the Petitioners conceive it would be advantageous for them, and beneficial to the Public, if the Whole of the said last mentioned Roads were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees to be appointed for the Care and Management of the Roads described in the said Bill, and incorporated therewith, and if the Debts contracted, or to be contracted, on the Credit of the said Acts, be paid within a limited Time, and a reasonable Compensation were made to the Officers appointed by the Trustees under the said Acts for the Lois of their Appointments: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Powers, and explain St. Leonard, and amend an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of the Shoreditch, Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- p^rids tituled, " An Act for the better repairing the High- ways, and deanfing the Streets, within the Parish of " Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex,

" and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets,

" Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the " Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish;" and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways,

y ^.

SJ;£t> Piling and Harbour Petition, reported, and re-committed.

ways. Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the said Parish, and for removing Nui-lances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Powers, and explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better repairing the Highways,

" and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint " Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets,

" Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the

Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish;" and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places* in the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. O'Hara reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Slin the County of Sligo, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter, of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch in said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof," was read: — Then,

Mr. Thomas Griffith being examined, said. That the said Act is highly injurious in its Provisions to the several Inhabitants of the said Town of Sligo, inafrhuch as a Power is given to the Corporation, created by the said Act, of imposing such Taxes on the several Lands and Houses of the Petitioners, situate in the said Town, and the Precincts thereof, as to them shall seem proper, to the Amount of about £. 18 per Cent, on the Annual Value of all the Property within the said Town, and Precincts thereof, and a very considerable Tax on the Tonnage of the Shipping trading to the said Port is also Vested in the said Corporation; and the said Act also empowers the said Corporation to raise, on the Credit of the said Taxes, the Sum of £.6,000, without requiring any Account to be made of the Application of the several Sums of Money by them received by such Taxes, or of the said Sum of £.6,000; nor is the Misapplication thereof, in any rel'pest, prevented or con-trouled by the said Act; That a Power is also given to the said Corporation of appointing Officers to carry the said Act into Execution, with such Salaries, to be paid out of the said Taxes, as the Corporation may from Time to Time think fit to appoint; and the said Act not only permits the Members of the said Corporation to be eligible to such Offices, but omits to prescribe any Limitation to the Amount of their Salaries, and the Officers so to be appointed are only removeable from their respective Offices at the mere Will of the said Corporation who appoints them; that the said Corporation is also empowered to enter into Contracts for the Execution of the Works authorized to be made, erected, and maintained, by the said Act, and the Execution of such Contrafts are to be paid out of the said Taxes; but no Provision is niade so prevent the Members of the said Corporation from becoming the Contractors with the Corporation, and undertaking the making, erecting, and maintaining', such Works, and for the due Performance of such Contrafts, by which they the Contractors would be only accountable to themselves: That a Power is also given by the said Act to the Provost of the said Town for the Time being, or any justice of the Peace for the County of Sligo (being a Member of the said Corporation) to convict on the View, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, Persons offending against the said Act, on whom Fines are thereby imposed, and to levy such Fines by Distress and Sale, and to imprison Persons in default of Payment of such Fines; and no Appeal whatever is given by the Act from such Conviction (except in one Instance only) by which the said Corporation are both Judges and Accusers in their own Cause; nor are the Fines, when levied, applicable to the Purposes of the Act:; and although such Fines may amount to a very considerable Sum annually, they are, by the said Act, to be paid to the Person whom the Provost may employ to levy the same, and the Person who shall convict the Offender on whom the Fine has been imposed, according to the Discretion of the Provost. — And the Witness further laid. That the said Act is so framed, that the Powers thereby given are, in effect, vested in the Burgesses of the Borough of Sligo alone, as the Burgesses for the Time being of the said Borough are to be Members of the Corporation so created; and although the said Act names and constitutes Twelve other Persons Members of the said Corporation, yet several of the Persons so nominated never did reside in Ireland, and others of them have not resided in the County of Sligo for many Years; and that by the said Act, any Seven or more of the said Corporation are empowered to nominate such Persons as they think fit in the Place of the Members of the said Corporation who declined to act, and thus the Burgesses of the said Borough, having in effect the Nomination of the other Members of the said Corporation slave Two Persons) they virtually possess the Powers given by the said Act; that the said Burgesses are Twelve in Number, Three only of whom reside in the said Town, and others of them are Strangers to the said Town and its Interests, and the Petitioners have' not any Share whatever in the Election of the said Burgesses, nor can they in any Manner controul the Nomination of the Persons who shall succeed to the Office of Burgesses of the said Borough; that the Powers so given are the more liable to Abuse, as the future Members of the said Corporation may be elected without regard either to Residence in the said Town or County of Sligo, or any Qualification whatsoever specified by the Act. — And the Witness added. That no Part whatever of the aforesaid Sum of £.6,000 has been borrowed under the said Act, nor has any Tax whatever been as yet levied of the Properties of the Petitioners by the Authority thereof, and therefore no Injury can be done to any Individual by the Repeal thereof by his having lent Money on the Credit thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of His Majesty's Coroners, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of the several Counties and Liberties within England and Wales, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

passed

Petition of Coroners for Augmentation of Fees, reported.

A2 Geo. III. 15 0 Mar H233

passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office, and for the Amoval of Coroners, upon a lawful Conviction, for certain Misdemeanors, was read: — And,

Mr. George Hodgson Junior, being examined, said, That the Fee of Twenty Shillings for taking each Inquisition, and Nine Pence a Mile from their own Houses only for travelling Expences, as settled by the said Act (being upwards of Fifty Years ago) are, on Account of the Decrease of the Value of Money, and the advanced Price of every Necessary of Life, as well as the Charges for travelling, very inadequate to the Expences which Coroners are subject to, in order to the punctual and faithful Observance of the Duty of their Office: That the Coroners are required, and do attend at the several Assizes, and frequently at the Quarter Sessions, for which no Fee or Recompence, Compensation for Expences, or Loss of Time, is provided by the said Act, or by any other Means whatsoever: — Then,

Mr. Charles Jemtnet being examined, said. That, in Addition to the Caufts before-mentioned, the present Duties upon Horses and Carriages of every Denomination fall heavy on those Coroners, who, on Account of their Districts being large, are obliged to keep Horses and Carriages for enabling them to execute their Offices with that Dispatch and Alacrity which is indifpcnfably necessary for the Service of the Public; and that the Coroners in general are subject to various other Expences and Inconveniences: — And,

Mr. George Hodgson, Junior, being again examined, said, That the travelling Expences far exceed the present Allowances made to the Coroner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and «s a Reward for the due Execution of their Office: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Sir William Elford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tinmooth A Bill for improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse ^l;rfe a°d Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties committed, in respect of such Improvement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

White Ridley, Mr. Beaumont, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition* The House was moved, That the several Petitions,

referred. which were presented to the House upon last,

re trrc and this Day, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be- referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Parift Ap- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ordere&S B'U' require the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices: And that Mr. Wilbraham and Lord

Viscount Belgrave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to continue, for a ritual Persons, Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of patfixL Parliament, intituled, "An Act to flay, until the

" Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions under the " Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging " Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, " and from taking of Fcrms," be now read.

VOL. 57.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two; an Act* made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to stay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings ih " Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, " for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities " of Livings, and from taking of Ferms."

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon order for Bill Saturday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill upon the on Report of Resolutions which were then reported from the Com- £gS|'re7a'ndf mittee of the w'hole House, to whom it was referred to rend, ami isiils consider of certain Acts, made in the last Session of ordtreii* Parliament, relative to the Revenue of Ireland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Gentlemen appointed to bring in the said Bill, have Leave to bring in a Bill or Bills upon the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts to Accounts, which were presented to the House upon- be Pnuted' Friday last, by Mr. Croft on, from the Trealcry in Ireland, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee appointed Report on to take into Consideration the several Accounts pre- Civil List lented to the House upon the 16th Day of February last, Accountt* by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) relating to His Majesty's Civil List, and who were directed to examine the said Accounts, and report the fame, as they should appear to them, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House;

That the Committee had examined the Matters referred to them, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Tobe printed. Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other ' '

Papers of this Selfiort.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Two Books of Account of Money Accounts to issued for Special Service, or Royal Bounty, kept for be returned to that Purpose in the Treasury, in order to be produced the Treasury-to either House of Parliament, if required, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of the 22d Year of His Majesty's Reign, which were presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February last, be returned to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider con^Tnde011 of the State of the Corn Trade between Great Britain appointed, and Ireland; and report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Mr. Fofier,

Mr. B/ackburue of Lancashire, the Lord Mr.

Rose, Mr. Carry, Sir William Pul tony, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Henry LaJ'ceUes, Mr.

Pole, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Ormsby, Mr. Ful!arton,

Mr. Wickham, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Fitzgerald, Sir Ed*

3 O mund

234

150 Martii. A. 1802.

tr.und Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Gregor; And they are to

meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee lia\e Voices.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee-

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report from Time to Time.

hill for conti- Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a l°r further continuing, for a Time to be limited, presented.' several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Anri t:,e feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refdved; That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Tran f poru-tk>n Bill. (Expiring Laws.)

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

tween Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tot hill Bay and Li [Jon Bay, near to the Borough of mouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preJ serving the same from the Sea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bili was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. J. 26. To leave out " befo.re-mentioned."

1. 29. To leave out " hereinbefore described."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Bay and Lipfon

Baji near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Potions therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea.

Ordered, That Sir William Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defile their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Act to permit present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to yt:jrof " permit, until the First Day of One thousand Rice, ice. to " Eight hundred and Two, the making of Starch from considered. " Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the " Importation of any such Starch from Ireland, five of " Duty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Ilouie will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

NiTnttee °n Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Aluuny Bill. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left 'the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Petition°of a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Me-chunts. Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, \inctnt. trading to, and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a ‘ Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

t'lymouth Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third K^Dr!urn"e ^cat^'nS ^ie Bill (now ingross'ed) to enable His Bill, p'kdit Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate be-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third sni-efpetting Reading of the ingross'ed Bill to empower llis Majesty, for a Time to be limited, to cause certain Countervailing paired.' Duties, granted by an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying " into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and " Navigation, concluded between IJ is Majesty and the " United States of America," to ccafe or be suspended, under certain Circumstances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present '.Iaicfty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty " of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," to cease or be suspended until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, under certain Circumstances.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Loan advanced in Exchequer Bills to Grenada, See. the Planters and Merchants interested in the Islands of E*flfequci Grenada and St. Vincent-, distingui fifing the Date of the ordered. Advances, the Date of the several Periods at which the same were to be repaid, with the several Postponemcnfs thereof; and the Amount of the Sums which have been repaid, with the respective Dates of such Re-payments.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply,

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred. W'hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. *

Resolved,

\Vv ys and Means, deferred.

Member added to bring in Rhos-bir-waun inclosure Bill.

Bill prefen t«d.

HoAingfar inclosure Bills reported.

Sligo Paving and Harbour additional Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next,.resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 16° die Martii;

Anno 42* Georgii III"' Regis, 1802.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That Sir Robert tVilliames be

added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Rectors or Impropriators of Tythes, and of the several Freeholders, within the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaeirhys, Bry and

Bodverin, in the County of Ca, who have a Right of Common upon Rhos-hir-zvatin, being a Commonable

Waste Ground within the said several Parishes of daron, Lianjaelrhys, and Bryncroes, whose Names are

thereunder subscribed, for and on the Behalf of them-ielves and other Freeholders interclled in the said Common and Waste Land.

Sir Robert Willi antes Vaughan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tiact of Common and Waste Lands, culled Rkos-hir-tvahn, situatein the several Paritlies of Aberdaron, Llanfaeirhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Carnarvon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Homingsea, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to tire Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: V. here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second rl ime, One by One; and-, upon the Qucfiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants of the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, was presented to the House, and read; 'Baking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, lanes, and Faffigcs, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of S/lgo; for cfud'11 filing a Nightly Watch in the said

Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof; and Setting forth, That it is necessary and Vt>L. 57.

expedient tjiat so much of an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Be.fi and for erecting a Bal'aft Oltice in each of the said Cities and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, should be repealed: And therefore praying; That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repealing so much of the said Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Iter strictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report is re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the March ints, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, was referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the liune, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according lanercoft

Ii.closure Bill, prtlented*

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of 'Troddermain, IVah on Wood, Ajkct Ion, and Lanerccft, all in tliC Parish of Letterccjl, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Baldwin and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Rust.twell Hands, within the Parish of BaldvAn in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis AimaricSpencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for committee on dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Richmond Stinted Pallure, and Common, within the Parish of *

Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York, is Persons, committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, andf Records.

A Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more Kempsford effectual, an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign and Dryiikld of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for divid- committedt11* " ing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common " Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and " \Valle Lands, within the Parishes of and

" Dryffeld, in the County of Glo;" and for en-

larging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according Kilmarnock to Order, a Bill for opening several new Streets in the ^';Cfcail^c Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering ' jjfji and widening Ionic of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, presented. within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock-, for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the- said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Towns for paving the find Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the ' Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4 A Bill

16° Ma

A. 1802.

Fll?f:nere A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the committed. 33d Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for "( making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the " River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to " the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain " Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," as reflrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal, and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription, and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the making of the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston Powell, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &c for Provi- thereto subscribed, being Land Owners, Tenants, or (inn in otley Occupiers of Land, within the several Townships of Itoad^Bi'u" Ad ding ham, llkley, Burley, Menfton, Newall with Clifton, Famley, Wesfon, AJkwith, Otley, and , in the West

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein defer:bed, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for altering the Course or Di-redlion of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid; and Setting forth, That so soon as such Bill shall pass into a Law, it is intended to erect ‘ one or more additional Toll Bars between the Towns of

Otley and Addingluwi, which are but Nine Miles distant from each other; and that, from the Nature and Quality of the 1 and in the several Townships above-mentioned, in which the Petitioners Estates, Farms, and Property lie, Lime is uled and considered as necessary in the manuring and cultivating it, and that without Lime, the Land will not produce the necessary and accustomed Crops; that the Petitioners have long been accustomed to get and fetch the Lime from Two Places, the one called Catgill, and the other Draughton, which are both West-ward of tire several Townships above-mentioned, and lie rear lire Turnpike Road, on which Road such Lime hath been and mull necdTarily be carried, there being no other Carriage Road that Way to or from the Lime Kilns unto any of those Townships; and that, for the ft:ft Nineteen Years out of the last Twenty-one, no Toll was taken at the Bars for Lime, it having been considered and understood to be exempt from Payment, yet, for the last Two Years, Toll hath been demanded and infilled upon; and that it is proposed, in the above-mentioned Eill, to make Lime subject to pay Toll, which the Petitioners coulider will be a great Oppression and Loss, not only to them, but the Country in general, as it will actually distourage Agriculture, especially the Management of the Land lor growing Corn, and of Course 1,(11*n its Produce; and that the Petitioners have no Obj. di m to the Bill, or to a proposed Diversion of the l'oad, but for the Reaions above Hated, and, as the Poor Rates are now very- high in their several Townships, and which any d oll on Articles necessary in manuring and cultivating 1 and will inevitably tend ftiil to keep so: And therefore praying. That in case such Bill pals into a Law, a ''l.iuic, or pro; cr Words, shall be inserted therein, fXjveisly exempting Lime uled in Husbandry from the Payment of 'l'olis for passing on the said Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee to whom the said Bid is commuted.

Mr Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, accord- AP-ingto Order, a Bill to require the Overseers of the Poor presented.8*1*' to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices: And the same was re- 1 ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Simeon presented to the House, according to poor Relief Order, a Bill for the more effectually distinguishing and Bill, relieving of incluftrious Parish Poor; and for the Regula- Prelente tion of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 31st Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Marine from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mut'l!Y Bl^* Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces Kp3 while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Transporrffrom the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for continuing and amending several Laws relating (Expiring to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to i*ws.) temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Curtis, according to Order, reported Report re-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was rrude Merchants, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Plan- &c. of outers, Merchants, and others, trading to and connected with, the Islands of Grenada and Vincent, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Persons connected-with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

And Mr. Alderman Curtis moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Persons

connected

42 Geo. III.

i6° — 17°

237

Tavistock

Writ.

connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Luftiington, and Sir William Toung, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fot the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable John Russell, commonly called Lord John RuJfell, now Duke of Bedford, called up to the House of Peers.

Bill for conti* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second nuing Duties Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to committed, be limited, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mercuriiy 17* Martii;

Anno 4!0 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Frankland presented to the House, according Moulfoe

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- presented. doling, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. O'Hara reported from the Committee, to whom siigo Paving the Report was re-committed, which was made from the and Harbour Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants, peritiorTs'," Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Sligo, in reported, the County of Sligo, was referred; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants of the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, was also referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Pe-

Committee on A to permit the making of Starch from Kice, &c.

titions, and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of as followeth; viz.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to permit, until the To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned PetiFirst Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and tion, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such " Starch from Ireland, free of Duty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving " the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town " of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a " Nightly Watch in said Town; for supplying the " said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving and " regulating the Port and Harbour thereof," was read: — Then,

Mr. Thomas Griffith being examined, said. That the

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, said Act is highly injurious in its Provisions to the In-That he was directed by the Committee to make a habitants of the said Town of Sligo, inasmuch as a Power Motion, when the House will please to receive the same, is given to the Corporation, created by the said Act, of

Ordered, That the Morning.

Report be received Tomorrow

Committee on Motion for

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

imposing such Taxes on the several Lands and Houses of the Petitioners, situate in the said Town and the Precincts thereof, as to them shall seem proper, to the Amount of about £.1 8 per Cent, on the Annual Value of

all the Property within the said Town and Precincts

whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon thereof; and a very considerable Tax on the Tonnage the LinenIBS Friday last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of the Shipping trading to the said Port, is also veiled

Man u fatture of Ireland

amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

in the said Corporation; and the said Act also empowers the said Corporation to raise, on the Credit of the said Taxes, the Sum of ,£.6,000, without requiring any Account to be made of the Application of the several Sums of Money by them received by such Taxes, or of the said Sum of £.6,000; nor is the Milapplica-

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, tion thereof in any respect prevented or contrculed by That he was directed by the Committee to make a the said Act: That a Power is also given to the said Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. Corporation of appointing Officers, to carry the said Act

Reported.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. 1

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

into Execution, with such Salaries, to be paid out of the said Taxes, as the Corporation may from Time to Time think fit to appoint; and the said Act not only permits the Members of the said Corporation, to be eligible to such Offices, but omits to prescribe any Limitation to the Amount of their Salaries; and the Of-

Bill ordered.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accord- ficers, so to be appointed, are only removeable from their ingly. ' respective Offices at the mere Will of the said Corpora-.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tion, who appoints them: That the said Corporation is amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen also empowered to enter into Contrafts for the Execu-Manufachipe-in Ireland: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, tion of the Works authorized to be made, erected, and Mr. Fofter, Mr. Charles William Stewart, and Mr. Staples, maintained by the said Act, and the Execution of such do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Contrafts are to be paid out of the said Taxes, but no

, IT f* Frovision is made to prevent the Members of the said

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Corporate from becoming the Contraftora with the

Morning, Ten of the Clock.; . Coloration, and undertaking the making, crafting,

Vol. 57. 3 P and

170 Martiu A* 1802.

and maintaining such Works, and for the due Performance of such Contracts, by which they, the Contractors, would be only accountable to themselves: That a Power is also given by the said Act to the Provost of the said Town for the Time being, or any Justice of Peace for the County of Sligo (being a Member of the said Corporation) to convict on the View, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, Persons offending against the said Act, on whom Fines are thereby imposed, and to levy such Fines by Distress and Sale, and to imprison such Persons in default of Payment of such Fines; and no Appeal whatever is given by the Act from such Conviction (except in one Instance only) by Which the said Corporation are both Judges and Ac-cufers in their own Cause; nor are the Fines, when levied, applicable to the Purposes of the Act; and although such Fines may amount to a very considerable Sum annually, they are, by the said Act, to be paid to the Person whom the Provost may employ to levy the same, and the Person who shall convict the Offender on whom the Fine has been imposed, according to the Discretion of the Provost. — And the Witness further said, That the said Act is so framed, that the Powers thereby given are in effect vested in the Burgesses of the Borough of Sligo alone, as the Burgesses for the Time being of the said Borough are to be Members of the Corporation so created; and although the said Act names and constitutes Twelve other Persons, Members of the said Corporation, yet several of the Persons so nominated never did reside in Ireland, and others of them have not relided in the County of Sligo for many Years; and, that by the said Act, any Seven or more of the said Corporation, are empowered to nominate such Persons as they think fit, in the Place of the Members of the said Corporation who declined to act, and thus the Burgesses of the said Borough, having in Effect the Nomination of the other Members of the said Corporation save Two Persons) they virtually possess the Powers given by the said Act: That the said Burgesses are Twelve in Number, Three only of whom reside in the said Town, and others of them are Strangers to the said Town, and its Interests; and the Petitioners have not any Share whatever in the Election of the said Burgesses, nor can they in any Manner controul the Nomination of the Persons who shall succeed to the Office of Burgesses of the said Borough: That the Powers so given are the more liable to Abuse, as the future Members of the said Corporation may be elected without Regard either to Residence in the said Town or County of Sligo, or any Qualification whatsoever specified by the Act. — And the Witness added. That no Part whatever of the aforesaid Sum of £.6,000 has been borrowed under the said Act, nor has any Tax whatever been as yet levied of the Properties of the Petitioners by the Authority thereof; and therefore no Injury can be done to any Individual by the Repeal thereof, by his having lent Money on the Credit thereof.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers " of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, " Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast; and for erecting a Bal-

last Office in each gf the said Cities, and each of the " said Towns," was read: — And,

Mr. Thomas Griffith being again examined, said, That ir is necessary and expedient that so much of the said Act, as relates to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, should be repealed.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the 3d Year of tiic Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An *' Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers, of " the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway,

*-Drogheda, and Belfast; and for erecting a Ballast " Office in each of the said Cities, and each of the said

" Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and " improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, " in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for " establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for " supplying the said Town with Pipe Water; and for " improving and regulating the Port and Harbour " thereof;" and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving of the said Town of Sligo; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof: And that Mr. O'Hara and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Land sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Trench, Mr. Martin of Galway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the to make Rail-

ways, to alter the Course of the Railway from to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir John Wroltefley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Itoad leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Soul ham, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Soulham, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir George William

Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Johnflone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing within the County of Dumfries, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and liad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Ciid Petition, an Act,

Galway Gaol Bill, committed*

Trent

Navigation

Bill,

committed*,

Finford Bridge and SoutLam Roads Bill* passed.

Dumfries

KoadPetition,

reported.

The Lords have agreed t6

Exchequer Bills Bill

(£ I>COO, COO.)

Bill respecting the Duties on Cinnamon.

Indemnity

MU

42 Geo. III. 17

Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of to or

near Elvanfoot, in the County of , was read

And,

Mr. William Thomfoti being examined, said. That a Continuation of the said Road, to commence at or near Beattock, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the Water or River of Sark, at or near the present Bridge there, and the erecting of a Bridge over the River or Water of Kinnell, at or near to a Place called Righeads, would be of very great Advantage, not only to the Proprietors and Inhabitants, and particularly to the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Counties of Dumfries and Lanerk, but also to the Whole of the Inhabitants, Merchants, and Manufacturers, of the several Counties of Cumberland, Wejand

York, and to all Persons having Occasion to travel thereon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there: And that Mr. John-stone and Sir William Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

Wilntot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Isolds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to indemnify* Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to allow, until the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the same; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until Two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Persons who have printed or published Pleadings and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and

Yol. 57.

Place of Abode of the Printer has not bech printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of Septembet One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Falmouth and for continuing the -Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Catherwood, Re- Account of ceiver of Corn Returns, attended at the Door; he was ^^rmP&c' called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- presented. suant to their Order,

An Account of the Average Price of the several Sorts of Grain and Oatmeal in England and Scotland, respectively, from the 5th July 1801 to the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Week, Month, and Quarter.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Marine Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Regulation Bllt*

of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day ot May One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Queen's the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new County Wnt-Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament, for Queen's County, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Henry Coote, now Lord Viscount Castle Coote, a Peer of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be Sn'lUland.'6* limited, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, '

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition

170 Martiu

A. 1802.

Petition of Dr. Jenner, for Leave to ore lent a Petition for a Reward for his Discovery of the Vaccine Inoculation.

A Petition of Edward Jenner, Doctor of Physic, was pfcl'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having discovered that a Disease which occasionally exists in a particular Form among Cattle* known by the Name of the Cow Pox, admits of being inoculated on the human Frame with the most perfect Ease and Safety, and although its Symptoms are so mild as scarcely ever to prove even a temporary Impediment to the ordinary Course of Health, yet it is attended with the Angularly beneficial Effect of rendering, through Life, the Person so inoculated secure from the Infection of the Small Pox; and that the Petitioner, after a most attentive and laborious Investigation of the Subject, setting alide Confederations of private ana personal Advantage, and anxious to promote the Safety and Welfare of his Countrymen, and of Mankind in general, did not wish to conceal the Discovery he so made, or the

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum, of the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply-con'fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance Office of Ordnance for the Months of April and May 1802 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

Mode of conducting this new Species of Inoculation, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they but immediately dilclosed the YVhole to the Public, had directed him to report, when the House will please and, by Communication with Medical Men in all Parts to receive the same.

of this Kingdom, and in Foreign Countries, sedulously endeavoured to spread the Knowledge of his Discovery, and the Benefit of his Labours, as widely as possible; and that, in this latter respect, the Views and Wishes

occupied a considerable Portion of the Petitioner's Life, and have not merely been a Caule of great Expence and Anxiety to him, but so interrupted him in the ordinary Exercise of his Profession, as materially to abridge its

I-eave given.

TVtition

reienud.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they of the Petitioner have been completely fulfilled, for, to may have Leave to fit again.

his high Gratification, he has to say, that this Inocula- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-tion is in Practice throughout a great Proportion of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole civilized World, and has in particular been productive House, to consider further of the Supply granted to of great Advantage to this Kingdom, in consequence His Majesty. ot its being introduced, under Authority, into the Army

and Navy { and that the said Inoculation hath already Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported RepoitonAA checked the Progress of the Small Pox, and, from its from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Nature, must finally annihilate that dreadful Disorder; was referred to consider of an Act, made in this present Starch from and that the Series of Experiments by which this Dif- Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to permit, Kice* *c* covery was developed and completed, have not only " until the First Day of July One thousand Eight

" hundred and Two, the making of Starch from Rice " or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation.of any such Starch from Ireland, free of " DutyThat he was directed by the Committee to pecuniary Advantages without their being counterba- move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a lanced by those derived from the new Practice; and Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, that the Petitioner, with a View to obviate Doubts the said Act.

which of late were falsely represented to have arisen in a And Mr. Alexander moved the House accord-

Foreign Country respecting the Efficacy and Certainty ing'y.

of the Vaccine Inoculation, and thereby to enable Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to himself with better Confidence to solicit the favourable continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend the Attention of the House, was induced to delay his Ap- said Act: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas plication till alter the Time limited by the House for Ftanjittar and Mr. Hiley Addition, do prepare, and bring receiving Petitions of a private Nature was elapsed: in, the fame.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

exhibit a Petition, that the House will be pleased to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Tranr^orta-

take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and deferred.' such Remuneration as to them shall seem meet. amending several Laws relating to the Transportation (Expiring

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, be given to present a Petition, as desired. now read.

Then a Petition of Edward Jenner, Doctor of Physic, And the said Order being read accordingly; being offered to be presented to the House; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's upon Friday Morning next.

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Thfe other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

Laws.)

havin'; been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Peti- raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. And praying the House to take the Premises into

Way* and.

Means,

deferred.

tion;

Consideration, and to grant him such Remuneration as to them shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall apjrear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Berkeley, Mr. Foster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1

42 Geo. lit. i Martii. 541

JoviS) 18* die Martii;

Anno 42* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802;

Prayers.

ScWurieBiU A ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-paired. -f"Y- doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Horningsea, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bcchinfwell Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order, prtfented.Bl"' a for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Down, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Tything of Ecchinfzvell, otherwise

well, within the Parish of Kingsclere, in the County of Southampton :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member ad- Ordered, That Mr. be added to the

in Dumfries' Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in Road Bill. a Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Bealtock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the

Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there.

Bin prerented. Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and to

the ltiver of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

RoadBUl Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to tvported. ' whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one paflTed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Hin the County of through Capell, Dorking, and Leatherhead, to

the Watch House in in the County of

and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ofk/ey, in the said County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

incl^ure Bill Sir 'Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Com-nported. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas VOL.57.

and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, dnd Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pakenham, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Browne Evans, Esquire, of Kirby Badon, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Poor's Rate at £.422 per Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 5 per Annum, who were neuter; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure isafTeflfed to the Poor's Rate at £. 2,156. ior. per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whoiii the Petition Committee oil of the Booksellers and Printers of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, &c. to report is referred, have Power to report the fame, as it shall obfertaUont-appear to them,- with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order; reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it SuppIjr4 'was referred to confidfer further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Sixty-six Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, for the Months of April and May 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d in Ireland That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, for the Months of April and May 1802.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

1

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill for confront the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in'irelancT, % Bill for further continuing, so'r a Time to be limited, reported, several Atfts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time 3 Q Tomorrow

Accounts of Aiutirioii> so Public Pcbi, presented.

Appendix,

(N* 35-)

Pipers relative to Claims for American

V Tel s, j>rc-

iv it ted.

Upbaven

Inrlofurt

Petition,

reported.

24a i8a — 19° Martii. A. 1802

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill - shall be then

logrolled.

Mr. Nicholas V^ufttart presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account oi all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the In-tcreft of any Loan that hath been made, or any Annuities created, tubiequent to the passing of an Act 27 III. Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in ltefped of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1802.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,-to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this V olume.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of Memorial of Lord Grey and Earl Vincent, late Commanders of His Majesty's Forces in the Indies, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, relative to Claims'for American Vessels detained: Am! also.

Copy of Report of James Hef Esquire, King's

Prector, on the Memorial of Lord Grey and Earl St.

Vincent,

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That ihe laid Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 190 die Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Pray ers.

MR. JoJkua Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esquire,

Charles Gibbes, 'Thomas Alexander, and the several other

Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of, and Proprietors interested in, the several Common Fields, and other lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, but that Notice of the intended Application to Parliament was affixed upon the Door of the Puri 111 Church Three in the Month

of Dei ember last; and that all the Parties interested in the Inclosure had given their Consent to the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeued to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hughes, being examined, laid, That there are, within the Parish of Up haven, in the County o several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Common-

able Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and, if they were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to them.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according Mannjngford to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow,

Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manning ford, otherwil'e Manning ford Bohun, in the Parish of Wilsford,

in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, accord- Culham Road. ing to Order, a Bill for making, amending, widening, an^.jjridSe and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London presented. Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Parishes of Dudccte and Hagborne, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Afon Tirro/d into the Turnpike Road near the Village of in the said

County of Berks; and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or Isis, at or near Culham Wharf in the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petitions thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two as^1,lt several Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th Years of the Tru(^es of Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- shillingford, ing the Road from Shil.iingford, in the County of Ox- &c. Road. ford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near ShillingfordFerry, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to all Persons interested in the said Trust, particularly to those who have lent Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; and that the Trustees have, at a very great Expence, caused the said Bridge and Road to be erected and made, for which Purposes a very considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, and the Sum of £.4,900 now remains due; and that, although the present Communication between Reading, Wallingford, and Abingdon, is very commodious, yet, as the pro-poled new Road would be shorter by about Two Miies, it would occasion a Diversion cf a great Part of the travelling on the present Road, whereby the present Tolls would be very materially diminished; and that the Petitioners are at a very great and continual Expence in repairing the said Bridge and Road; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the present Tolls might be rendered inadequate to the Payment of the Interest of the Money owing, and for carrying the other Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves, their Count'd, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Trustees of thereunto subscribed, being Trustees to put in Execu- H<-nky tion the several Acts relating to the Road from Henley FRoad.ic* Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called'

Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, and which is called by the Name of the Dorchester and Bix Road, was all'o presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there is no such public Road as described in the said Bill, from the Parish of Culham to and through the Parishes of Dudeote *and Hagborne, but there is an easy Communication between

Abingdon,

Abingdon, Dudcote, and by means of a Turn-

pike Road already existing, and that there is no Necessity for such Bridge and new Road, for the Purposes therein described; and that the and Road,

of which the Petitioners are Trustees, is the Great Road from South Wales and through Abingdon to London, and also the Road principally used from

cefterand Oxford to London, and the Petitioners have been and are at a very great Expence in keeping the said Road in Repair, and a very large Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls, which at present do not amount to a sufficient Sum per Annum to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and defray the Expence of keeping the Road in Repair; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it mult necessarily occasion some Diversion of the Travelling from Abingdon and the Parts adjacent, through Gate, and

over S/iil/ingford Bridge, to Wallingford, it will of course cause a Diminution in the Tolls received at the Dorchester Gate, whereby not only the Petitioners, and the Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, would be injured, but the Persons travelling the said Road would be much inconvenienced by the Petitioners not being able to keep the said Road in good Repair; and that there is at present a good and extremely plealant Road from Abingdon through Culham to StreatUy and Reading, over Shilling ford Bridge,

through one of the most beautiful Parts of the Kingdom, and where Materials are, as the Petitioners understand, easily obtained, and which must be materially injured by the intended Road, and the Distance laved by the said Road will by no means balance the Expence to be incurred, and especially as such Road must pals through a deep Country, where it will be difficult to procure Materials to keep it in Repair and that, should the intended Bill pass into a Law, they conceive it could only benefit some few Individuals who live near the lane of Road, to the Disadvantage of the Public at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass info a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the

to Bills. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immer diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire ' of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His lloyal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Vol. 57.

Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor, end the Lord Waljing-ham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on- certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have emitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the Fi. ft Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to allow, until the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the fame; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until Two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Persons who have printed or published Pleadings and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to tranlinit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of: September One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the Sugar Colonies in the Wijl Indies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the Colonies in America, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, until the Twenty-fuurth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of t, during the

Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign:

244

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the lame:

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improv-

190 Martii.

A. 1802.

mons and Waste Grounds within the Parillies of Fining-ham and Giffingham, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for naturalizing 'Johann Albers:

An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burge{Tes, and

Com- Petitions

jgjLinii

ing, the Road leadingtrom the City of Canterbury to the monalty, of the Borough of in the County cu'n.am Ro-td

Town of Ramsgate, in the I tie of Thanet, in the County of Berks, under their Common Seal; and also of the ami Bridge

of Kent , and for lufpending and varying, for a limited several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, BlI]' Time, so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh being Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road in of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet: the Parish of Culkam, in the County of Oxford, to and

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and im- through the Parishes of Dudcote and in the

proving, the Road leading from the City of Canterbury County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Lane leading from A/Ion into the Turnpike Road

Kent: near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks;

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or Iffs, enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty- at or near Wharf, in the said Parish of

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, the Second, and the Twenty- first Year of the Reign of in the said County of Berks; and Setting forth. That,

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road by virtue of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the leading from the Turnpike Road, near the West End of Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge-, and allb the of Two subsequent Acts, passed in the 5th and 39th Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, a very con-to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the said venient Turnpike Road hath been made from Farringdon, last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Roweffeythrough Wantage and Wallingford, to communicate at Bridge, all in the County of Derby: Nuffield Common, in the County of Oxford, with the

An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and Turnpike Road from London to Oxford, and Abingdon; keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall and by virtue of Two other Acts, passed in the 4th and in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street 24th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, a

Bridge hath been erected at Shilling ford in the County of Oxford, and an exceeding pleasant and good Turnpike Road made from the said London Road at Shilling-ford, through Wallingford, Streatley, and Pang borne, to

in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of

Suffolk:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Reading, in the county of ; and that the said fe-tuled, " An Act for repealing an Act, made in the veral Roads are of great public Advantage, and open Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George very convenient Communications between Reading, " the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Wallingford, Oxford, and Abingdon, and also between " Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Reading, Wallingford, Wantage, and Farringdon, as well Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney as several large intermediate Villages; and therefore the " Bridge, in the Parish of Weffham, in the said County, Petitioners conceive the proposed new Bridge and Road and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and cannot be necessary for the Accommodation of the " also, for amending, widening,- and keeping in Repair, Public, and particularly as there is already a Turnpike the Road from the Side Gate on the Florfelbridge Turn- Road from Abingdon into the Interior of Berkshire, % hich pike Road, in the Parish of Helling/y, to the Turnpike pafles through several of the Parishes adjoining to those 4< Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwafft, in the through which the proposed new Road is intended to said Countypafs; and that by the present Roads there are Two easy An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Stages from Reading to Oxford, Abingdon, and Wantage, enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First with a Change at the Town of Wallingford, and the

and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present proposed Road is not intended to pals through any

Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading Market Town, but only a few Villages; and that not* from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, withstanding the great public Utility and Convenience through the Towns of Penryn, He/ffone, and Marazion, of the present Road through Wallingford to Reading, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, yet as the Distance from Reading to Abingdon, and allb

and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said to Wantage, by the proposed Road, would be shortcned.

River and Bridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of

zvell, in the County of Warwick:

and the Distance from Reading to Oxford be nearly the same as it now is, the Petitioners conceive that such new Road would occasion a Diversion of a considerable Share of the Travelling on the present Road, whereby the Toll?

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- at the Gates at Shilling ford Bridge and near Wallingford, mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Sneaton, in would be materially diminished, and the Town of the North Riding of the County of York: lingford deprived, in a great Measure, of its principal

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Thoroughfare and accustomed TralFic, to the great In-Waste lainds within the Manor and Parish of Handsworth, jury of the Trade of the said Town, and to the Petitioners, in the West Riding of the County of York: several of whom have been at a considerable Expence in

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the enlarging and fitting up Buildings for the Accommoda-

Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk:

tion of the Public travelling on the said Road: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and not permit the said Bill to pass into a An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and in- Law; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, or doling, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields, Agents, against the lame.

within the Parish of Pitney, otherwise Pitney Lor tie, in the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Mortgnsjwstf County of Somerset: thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees of the Tolls au- io^rd'

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- tliorized to be collected by virtue of Two several Acts, c' °

passed

passed in the 4th and 24th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pang borne, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shilling ford Ferry, was presented to the House, and read; also 'hiking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, at a very great Expence, caused the said Bridge and Road to be erected and made, and for those Purposes borrowed a large Sum of Money, of which the Sum of £.4,900 now remains due; and which Money was advanced and lent on Mortgage of the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be collected upon the said Road; and, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners and the other Mortgagees: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against #e laid Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Wrexham A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year cMnmmeii. of the Reign of I {is present Majesty, intituled, " An A<fl " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the u Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to " Barnhill, in the County of Chester " and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, General Egerton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties, to His Majesty in Ireland, be now read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for 8a

Tellers for the Noes

(Mr. Robson, '(Mr. J

r.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the; Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth. Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three,. several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third' Reading of the ingrafted Bill for continuing and amend* ing several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenberuie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Esquire,

deceased.

Wootmm Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-5ui°reported. ^ie Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open count of the Deficiency of the Sum of £. 1,200,000 and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pat granted out of the Duties on Goods imported and ex-tures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of ported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, for the Wooburn, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; Service of the Year 1801.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- Account of Exchequer Bills iftucd per Act 39 and closure, had been complied with; and that the Com- 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33. outstanding and undischarged. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace for the more faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of effectually repairing County Bridges; and to report the 429 Acres of Old. Inclosures, and 35 Acres of Open fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the Field Land; and that the Whole of the Open Field House:

Land confills of 800 Acres, and of the Old Inclosures And a Committee was appointed of Lord Granville 1,700 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Leveson Gower, Mr. Sturges, c.: And they are to meet Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com- Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Papers, and Records; and all who come to die Com-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his mittee are to have Voices.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the That there be laid before this House, an, Ac-

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a count of the Grols Assessment and Net Produce of the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Income Duty in Great Britain, for the Year ending 5th severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. April 1801; distinguishing the Charges of Collection, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and other Dedu61 ions; and distinguishing Returns made ingrafted. to Commercial Commissioners.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Bii) for con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third count of the Grass Assessment for the Year ending the ^iYrd'ouiU:iCS heading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for further continu- 5th of April 1801 i distinguishing the Number and |)?.ikd.'U ing, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of the last Amount of Assessments on the several Rates of Payment Vol. 57. 3 Ii of

Transportation Bill, passed. (Expiring Laws.)

Petersfield

Writ*

Accounts ordered: Deficiency of Tonnage Duties.

Exchequer Bills out* Handing.

Committee appointed to consider of repairing County Bridges.

Accounts respecting the Income Duty, ordered.

PjriiVi Ap-p-rntices Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bid to continue Act for Relief of Spiritual Persons.

Fort Marlborough Factory Bill.

Bill respecting

American

Treaty.

Wilmflmv Bridge and Conglcton Road Bill.

Leeds and Otlcy Road Bill.

190 Ma

A. 1802.

on Incomes below £.loo a Year, from 200 to £. 500, from £. 500 toy\ i,oooo, from £. 1,000 to £. 2,000, trom £. 2,000 to £.t;,oooo, and of £. 5,000 and upwards; and

distinguishing Deductions for Children.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons, and the Amount of Income, in each of the above Clalles respectively, as calculated from the AlILllinents for the Year ending the 5th of April 1 So 1.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols Assessment for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801, distinguishing England from;

distinguishing the several Counties in England; and dil-tinguishing the Number and Amount of Assessments on Incomes below £.200 a Year, and from 200 a Year and upwards; and distinguishing the Returns to Commercial Conunissioners.

A Bill to require the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'ohed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Wihnot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to flay,

" until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand " Eight hundred and Two, Proceedings in Actions under " the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging " Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings,

" and from taking of Fermsj" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the a Factory

subordinate to the Presidency of William, in and to transfer the Servants, who, on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be Supernumerary', to the Presidency of Fort Saint George-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America," to cease or be suspended until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, under certain Cir-cutnstances; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from IVilmJlow Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Ne and the Town

of Cong/eton, to or near The Red Bull, in Church Laivton, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, io far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County' of York; without any Amendment: And allb,

6

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B'lckl.nd for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, laclolureBil!-Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Iambs and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for J'Af Lor<l1 naturalizing James Louis Du Mont-, to which the Lords DuMont', desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb, Nat. Bill.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That tire Lords do request that this House will of Report°o» be pleated to communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of civil List the Report made from the Committee appointed by this Ac<:ounts-House to take into Consideration the several Accounts presented to this House upon the 16th Day of February last, relating to His Majesty's Civil List, and who were directed to examine the said Accounts; and report the fame, as they should appear to them, together with theic^ Observations thereupon, to the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take info Consideration that Copy tob* Part of the Message from the Lords, which desires that feut‘ this House would furnish their Lordships with a Copy of the Report therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will communicate to the Lords a Copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Mr. Nicholas Fanfittart presented to the House, pur-luant to their Orders,

An Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of £.1,200,000 granted out of the Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, for the Service of the Year 1801: And also.

An Account of Exchequer Bills issued/>£r Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33. outstanding and undischarged.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Account* presented: *

Deficiency of

Tonnage

Duties.

Exchequer Bills out-itenciing.

Appendix, (No. 36.)

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, j1}^ a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating, clol'ure Bill* the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mofl'es, within the preieuted. Manor or Township of Eg ton - with-Nev in the Parish

of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of LancajAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trullees for executing the Acts thereinafter-mentioned; and also, of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the same Acts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being foreleen, at the Time the Notices were given for the Application for a Bill for making the Road commonly called The Commercial Road, that it would be essential to the Interests of the Promoters of that Bill, and of the Public, that the Roads comprized in the said Acts should be placed under the Care and Management of the Trustees who are to have the Care of the said new Road; but it appeared to the Committee, that it would be for the Advantage of all Parties concerned, and of the Public, that

the

Petition from Trainees of Ratcliff Highway, for Provision in Isle of Dogs Road Bill, reported.

the Cannon Street Road should be transferred to the Trustees of the said Commercial Road; and it also appeared to the Committee, that the Petition for such Transfer of the said Road was signed by a great Number of the acting Trustees and that all the Creditors under the said Acts were contenting thereto; and it also appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners for the said Road called 'The Commercial Road, and the Persons who have subscribed Money for making the same, are willing that the said Cannon Street Road should be put under the Care and Management of the Trustees to be appointed for such intended new Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 5th and 40th Years of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of; and also from the West End of Brook Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into The Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, were read: And,

Mr. John Wright being examined, said, That the said Acts have been put in Execution, and a Debt, amounting to £.3,000 or thereabouts, hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing. — And the Witness further said. That by the Bill now depending in the House, for making the said Commercial Road, the said Road will cross Part of the Road comprized in the said recited Acts, and run parallel to the principal Branch thereof; and that it is conceived it would be advantageous to the Promoters of the said Bill, and beneficial to the Public, if the whole of the Roads comprized in the said Acts were put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed for carrying into Execution the said intended Commercial Road, under certain Regulations and Indemnifications to be provided for by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report do he upon the Table.

Coroner* Fees Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to toted1*" Order, a Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Swinfcoe Tn- Lord Granville LevefonGower presented to the House,

'resented'11* accord'ng to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ' inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Otley and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to adpton Road* whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering 1 reporte . ancj enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George - the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein de-lcribed, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of anil for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Vo L. 57.

247

Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Land Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers of Land, within the several Townships of Addingham, IlkBurley, Mention,

Newall-with-C/ifton, Farnley, Wejion, Otley, and Denton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- - .

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter be added to the Gentlemen, Member ad-who ate appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- ded‘° hrins suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, fcclplure Bill, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton.

Mr. Porter presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mont'* for naturalizing James Louis Du Mont, was read the First ^d." Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, d"erred* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 42* Georgii III. B Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Report which, Leave granted upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, resprfting* to whom the Petition of William Wyndham, Esquire, UpWven Charles Gibbes, Thomas Alexander, and the several other Inclosure* Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of and Proprietors interested in the several Common Fields, and other Lands thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of IfpJtaven, in the County, of Wilts, for Three;

in

190 — 220 Martii.

Iflin^ron Poor Bill, reported.

Harmondf-vsorthy See, inclosure Bill, presented.

Runham Inctofure and Drainage Pttition, reported.

Bedford level (Necond Dif-trict) Drainage Bill, reported.

2A& 22° Mar til. Jt. 1802.

In the present Month of March and in the Month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Main-waring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Harmondsworth, and Cranford, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rttnham, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Oiders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been fcortiplied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; ind is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Steward being examined, said, That thfte are, within the said Parish, lundry Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are inconveniently situated, and frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, for want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Inte-rest§, and if such Parts thereof as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds; within the Parish of Runham, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more cft'eftual, so much of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Pen " Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, " Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called

" Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains,

" called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain " Level or District called FeltNew and the

" Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-He/gay and He/gay, in the " Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 169 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained by the Bill consists of 5,298 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otleyt6 Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine: of Lancaster, and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley Skipton aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term j^hd Powers of Two several Acts of the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyd, Mr. William Dun das, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Otley and Skipton Road* Bill, pafltd.

Kelso Two Pennies Scot\ &c. Bill, pre^ seated*

Dumfries Road Bill, committed.

220 Marin.

249

Lanercoft A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

tommittei'11' Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of 7'roddermain, Walton Wood, and Lanercoft, all

in the Parish of Lanercoft, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Sir Michael Le Fleming, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Great Barton Mr. Cornwallis presented to the House, according to p'e!ented.Bl11, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Westbury Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to 1 refciitcdBl11* Order, a Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the p ' Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rhos-hir- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tra<ft of

fiireViSu'0" Common and Waste Lands, called situate

committed, in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Carnarvon, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert WilliamesVaughan, Mr. Asheton Smith, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Moulfoe A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

committe*11*' anci Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Walles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. land, the Marquis of Litchfield, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Richmond Mr. Shakespear reported from the Committee, to

incioiure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ieport ' several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common,

within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Biding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in their Corporate Capacity, were (eve-rally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £. 369. 15 who rcfuled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at ^.2,520. 13J. (sd.)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was

Vol. ^7.

disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, to Petition cf whom the Petition of the Book fellers and Printers of the &^veiptdnig Cities of London and Westminster, whose Name's are there- the Duty 04

unto subscribed, was referred; and who were empowered £iper'j to report their Observations thereupon, to the House;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together wfith an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of th? House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to AbbottsMor-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the tonB*J]clofUie Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable presented. Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morion, in the County of Worcester: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Pakenham the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Corn- InS!",ure monable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, pA ' within the Parish of Pakenham, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pakenham, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Ecchinfwell and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common committed111' Down, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Tything of otherwise

Itchingswell, within the Parish of Kingsclere, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to MrChute,

Sir William Heathcote, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company XrtmNaW^-of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the tion Bili. Mersey to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the

Courie of the Canal from Froghallto and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts, is committed.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, accord- Svkftone, &c. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and relpetlive Manors and Townships ot Silkftone, Hoy land and

Cawthorne, in the Parish of Sl/kjfone, in the West Biding of the County of York: And the iitme was received; and, read the Fit'll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 S The

22 ° Martii. A. 1802.

Copy of Report on Civil List Accounts to be carried to Lords.

Petition of the Lord Mayor, AI 'rm tn, and Livery, of London, for Repeal of the laconic 'l ax.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes larger Amount than they have actually possessed, to the of this House of Friday last, of that Part of the Message Impoverishment of their Families, whilst, by many, the from the Lords, which requests that this House would Tax has been considerably evaded; and that the said communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the Report Tax will not admit of any Modification whatever; from the Committee appointed to take into Considera- and that, were it attempted ,to render it efficient and tion the several Acounts presented to this House respect- ive, it w'ould, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, ing His Majesty's Civil List; together with the Answer be the Source of so much Qppression and Vexation as sent by this House thereto, might be read. would tend to endanger the Peace and Quiet of His Ma-

And the same being read accordingly; jesty's Dominions; and that they further represent to the

Ordered That Mr. Bragge do carry to the Lords a House, that this Tax is highly injurious to the Morals

printed Copy of the said Report. of the People, by holding out a Reward to Deception,

and even Perjury itself; that it has a direct Tendency to

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery of London, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, feeling themselves much aggrieved Ly the partial and unequal Operation of the Tax upon Income, as well as the vexatious Mode by which it is carried into Exe-, cution, which, in their Judgment, militates in a most eftential Degree against the ancient and free Principles of the BriiiihConstitution, beg Leave to represent to the

House some of the intolerable Grievances under which they labour; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be an incontrovertible Principle, that 'faxes ought to be equitable, and proportionably levied, and that Property ought to be the Balls of Taxation, more especialiy when applied to Taxes raised for the Purpose of carrying on a W ar, one of the avowed Objects of which was the Preservation of Property, it appearing to than to be founded in lvcafui and Justice that Property should contribute toward: us own Support; and that, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the said Tax is a direct Violation of this Principle, Income not appearing to them to form a just Ci.terion, either of the Properly of Individuals or of their Ability to contribute, many Persons deriving an Income from theirpersonal Exertions in their respective Trad cl and Professions, others from Annuities, &c. who may neverrhdcls pofllfs little or no permanent Property; therefore they trull the House will perceive the extreme Hard ship and Partiality of taxing Incomes anfing from such temporary, precariou, and fluctuating Sources, in the iauic Proportion as the Income proceeding from landed and uir.d'd Property; and that the said Tax has already produced the no, it lcrious and alarming Consequences, and by operating chiefly upon the Middle Chiles of the People (who can have no Resource in Retrenchment) has had an obvious Tendency to check Industry; and that the said Tax has been one great Cause of the exccfnve high Price of all the Necellaries of Life, and of the rapid and enormous Increase of the Poor Rates throughout the Kingdom, to tile great Grievance and Distress of those of 11 is Majesty's faithful Subjects, who contribute to those Rates, as well as of the many deplorable and afflicted Objects who are supported by them? and who have heretofore maintained themselves v. ith Decency and Comfort; and that great and excessive as these Evils may appear, they form but a small Part of the ( frieva.v es of wbuh the Petitioners now complain, compared with the . Manner in which the said Act is carried into Execution, whereby the tree Principles of our once-envied Constitution are violated and infringed upon, by the Etl.ihfilhmenl of an inquisitorial Power, behue whom the Petitioners arc compelled to disclose t'-c most nfinute and private Circumstances of their Trade and Families; a Circumstance hitherto unknown in this Countin', and which has never been exercised except by Creditors in Cales of Insolvency; and that this PwA.r being veiled in Commissioners, who may either be their Rivals in Trade, or with whom they may have Commercial Intercourse, subjects the Petitioners to i r,dlelis Trouble and Vexation, and may be attended wit1' the it.oft ruinous Consequences; and that the Petitioners are well allured, that under the Apprchcn-lh n of theft- Evils, many Persons in a State of Infiol-vr:.i v 1. ve b . :i induced to make a Return of Income, to ti.e g mi Injury of their Creditors, and ethers, to a

subvert the Principles of Liberty, and to depret's that independent Spirit which has ever been the Charac-teriftic of Engiijhmen, and the surest Support of National Prosperity; and for these, and various other Reasons which the Petitioners could state, no Principle of Taxation can be so revolting to their Feelings: And therefore praying, That the House, taking these Matters into their ierious Confederation, will grant the Petitioners Relief, by an immediate Repeal of the said Tax.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill for pre-7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Spence in Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Elections,

" Expence in Elections of Members to lerve in Parlia- ordered<

" ment," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to thedifabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament, and to make other and more enlctual Provisions in lieu thereof: And that Lord Y llcount BeU grave, Mr. Crojvenor, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Brag. :' reported to the I louse, that he had (ac- Copy of Recording to Order) been with the Lords, and delivered ?n Clv‘l

P , . '. . r Lift Accounts

to their Lordships a printed Copy of the Report from delivered to

the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Lords.

the several Accounts presented to this House, respect-

ing Elis Majesty's Civil List.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, to whom ifleofDog*

the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- n&c' mons, of the City of London, in Common Council reported', assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and tound that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, 'Polls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

\V1 iere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, was read; by which Act it was provided and enacted, That, for the more effectually accomplishing the Purposes thereof, there should be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to, the said Fund, by the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors (any such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of £.72,000) as should be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes therein particularly specified. —

Then,

Philip PVyatt Cromther, Esquire, Comptroller of the

City

c-

City of London, produced to the Committee an Account, containing a brief Statement of the Receipts and Payments in respect of the £.72,000 granted by Parliament as aforesaid; by which Account it appeared, that the Receipts on account of the Undertaking amounted to the Sum of£.72,341. 6 s. 2d.; ancj that the Charges and Expences attending the same (including the Sum of £.24,183. 16s. 3 d.paid for the Purchase of Part of the Land and Buildings necessary for that Purpose) amounted to the Sum of £.69,185. 15J. leaving a Balance of £.3,156. ior. — And,

Mr. James Montague, of the Surveyor's Office, Guildhall, Rated, That the Value of the l-and and Buildings remaining to be purchased to complete the Undertaking had been ascertained by Juries, and amounted to the Sum of £.10,604. — And he further Rated, That there Rill remainsdue and unpaid, for Work done at and on account of the said Canal, and not included in the before-mentioned Statements, the Sum of £. 11,004: — And,

Mr. William Jejjop, Engineer, Rated, That he had / eRimated the Expence of completing the whole Works remaining to be done, which he calculated at £. 35,550, besides the additional Sum of £.6,400 for the Alteration of the Entrances to the Canal by Locks, inRead of single Pairs of Gates, as firR proposed, and which he now thinks to be highly expedient and advisable, making together the Sum of £.41,950: — And,

Mr. Croivther further Rated, That he had calculated

the Expence of redeeming the Land Tax on the ERates purchased, and to be purchased, for the Purposes of the Canal, at the Sum of £. 1,000; and that the said Four Sums of £. 10,604, £.11,004, £.41,950, and £.1,000, making together £.64,558,' were necessary for completing the Undertaking; but inasmuch as the Balance in Favour of the Fund, as before Rated, amounted to £.3,156. ior. id. and the Balance due from the West India Dock Company, for Lands, &c. purchased under the Directions of the Act of Parliament for their Use, including sundry Payments of Rent, Taxes, &c. in respect of such laR-mentioned Lands, &c. amounted to £.6,874. 155. 6 d.;and the Proportion to be paid by the West India Dock Company of the Expences of obtaining the Act, as well as attendant on the Purchases made in pursuance thereof for their Use, would reduce the Sum necessary to be advanced for completing this important Undertaking to the Sum of £.50,000: — -And, Mr. JeJJ'of also Rated, That the principal Cause of the Sum of £.72,000 proving inadequate, aroie from a Clause in the Act of Parliament, compelling the Purchase of the Whole cf each Proprietor's Land and Premises, Part of which only was wanted for the Purposes of the Act, whereby a large Quantity of Land, and valuable Buildings, more than the Undertaking required, had been of Necessity purchased; and that a considerable additional Expence had been occasioned in consequence of Compensation being made to Parties inte-reRed in the ERates, for Good Will, &c. as directed by the Act, for which no Calculation had been made in the ERimate; and that the Value of the Land, &c. which was originally eRimated at £. 13,000, had, by the Means aforesaid, been increased to £.34,787. — He

also Rated, That there had been a great Advance in the Price of Materials used in the Works, particularly Timber and Iron, since the ERimates were made: — And,

Mr. Afoul ague also produced an ERimate, prepared by Mr. Dance (with the AffiRance of the Wit net's) of the Value of that Part of the Land and Premises which have been already purchased, or, as above Rated, agreed to be purchased, which will not ultimately be necessary for the Completion of the Undertaking, amounting to the Sum of £.44,687. to s. — He further Rated, That he apprehends this Increase in the Value may be fairly expected, in consequence of the Improvement which will arile to all adjoining Property upon the Completion of this Undertaking: — And,

Mr. JeJjop further Rated, That it will prevent great

VOL. 57.

additional Expence being incurred in the Profcrution of the Works, if the Sum necessary could be obtained at an early Period, inasmuch as the Drainage at the Isle of Dogs is at present effected by Two Steam Engines, one erected by the /Vest India Dock Company, and the other for the immediate Purpose of the Canal; and the Water they drain is common to both Engines: but when the Docks are in Use (which is expected in July next) the w'hole Drainage, together with a large Accumulation of Water to be expected from the Docks, will fall on the smaller Engine, and great additional Power muR be had at a heavy Expence; the Necessity of which would be luperfeded, if the Foundation of the Works of the Canal could be laid before the Docks are filled with Water.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great Britain, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41R Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rcfoived, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply^ granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti>,23* die Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiures, Commons, and Wafie Lands, within the Parish of iti the County of

Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiures, Commons, and Wafie Lands, within the Parish of Wooburn, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickms reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the lleign of King George the Second, and the 13th and 21R Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish o I Kettering, through the Town of

in the County of Northampton, and through over

Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in the County of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders

Referred to 2L Committee of the whole House.

Account of

Bounties on Corn, See, ordered.

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Wooburn Inclosure Bill, patted*

Kettering Road Petition, repoited.

252 23 0 Martii. 1802.

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. John Hot/Jon being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and in carrying the other Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, and in lo doing have expended a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, with an Arrear of Interest, (till remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and l'ome of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

o %

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Act?, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the-13th and 2lit Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading troin the Toll Gate in the Pari ill of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Oiney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport PagncU, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridge: And that Mr. D:chins, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Pracd, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Knotting Mr. Did: ins reported from the Committee, to whom

reported!1110"* ^lc Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 21st Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wefwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higharn Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hcfljfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. John AHcn being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by, or in pursumice of, the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and in earning the ' other Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, and in lb doing, have expended a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, with an Arrear of Interest, Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the lidd Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Provisions thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the rlerm, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Two several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of Ills present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wefwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufhden and Higharn Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagi'ave, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Dickins, Mr. St. John, and Mr. Osborn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Hargrave mon Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the committed111' Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Diehinsy Mr. Cartwright, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Mnnningford and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manning ford, otherwise Manning ford Rohan, in the Parish of IVihford, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

RefAved, That the- Bill be committed to Mr. John Smythy Mr. Goddard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, for Petition for themselves, and on Behalf of other Proprietors, Tenants, ^nt Street and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, in Roads Bill, the County of Kent, adjacent to the Great Road leading from Hartford to London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones -End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting and watching, or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Pau!y Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-Waterings, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdaleny Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and other Roads therein described; and Setting forth, That this is a Part of the Great Line of Road leading from Dover to the Capital of the Kingdom; that Foreigners from all Parts of Europe, and Travellers of every Description, as well as the Petitioners, contribute to its Maintenance; and that it more immediately communicates with the populous Towns and Villages of Deptford, Greenwich, Woolwich, Lewifham, and Eltham, and Two of His Majesty's Dock Yards, and Ordnance Warren, the Safety, Convenience, and Accommodation of whose Inhabitants, as well as the numerous Persons connected with the Public Service, ought to be attended to; but the Petitioners have, with Concern, observed the frequent Robberies and dreadful Accidents on this Road, and that, whilst almost every other Road in the Neighbourhood of London is watched, lighted, and watered, this great Approach to the Capital of the Kingdom from the Continent has been, in these Respects, totally neglected; and that the watching, lighting, and watering certain Parts of the said Road, more particularly from East Greenwich to Saint Thomas-ad Caterings, and guarding

ing the Road leading over Black heath and Shooter's Hill to Welling, and making the same more safe, is therefore a public Concern, would be highly beneficial to the Public, as well as creditable and ornamental to the Capital of the Kingdom; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, and positive Directions given for effectually watching, lighting, watering, and guarding so much of the said Road; or that the House will do otherwise in the Premises, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

j;\nd it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Sir Ed-

ward Knatchbull, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Richmond An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-IncMure Bill, closing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was olfered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering Justices of the Peace lor Richmond to act in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making the Act a Public Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 16. After " Dundas" to insert " John

" Yorker

Pr. 2. 1. 8. After " Dundas " to insert " John

" Yorker

1. 26. After " Dundas" to insert " John

« Yorker

Pr. 14. 1. 17. To leave out from " the" to " several " in 1. 19.

1. 20. To leave out " other."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, A'n Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lazvrence Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bedford An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more

Didn6t)eC°nd effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the 13th Year Drainage Bill, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An passed. Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part " of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called " Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, " called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain " J -evvl or District called Feltzvell New and the Hard Lands of W00dhall-in-He/gay, and He/gay, " in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

V«l. 57.

" draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great " Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level,

" between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stake

" River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or

" District called Feltwell New Dif and the Hard

" Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen

and Low Grounds lying within the Second DiJiriEl ox

Division described in the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Brozvne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and xndofure Bill inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common committed. Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sawfton, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Additional thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Spelfbury, in the County of Spelftmry Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Inclosure* forth, That the Petitioners have applied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish; and, the Standing Orders respecting Notices of such Applications not having been complied with, the House was pleased to grant the Petitioners Leave to give such Notices in the present Month of March and in April next; and that the Petitioners apprehend that all the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, which the Petitioners originally intended, and now desire, to be included in such Bill, are not sufficiently described in the said Petition, which should have included all the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, as well as the Commons and Waste Grounds mentioned in the said Petition, and which Common Fields and Commonable Lands belong to the same Persons, and no others, as are entitled to, or interested in, the said Commons and Waste Grounds:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be granted to give Notice Three Sundays in the present Month of March or in the Month of April next, or in both, of their Intention to apply to Parliament for an Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds,

Downs, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Do Mont* for naturalizing James Louis Du Mont, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord William Cavendish Bentinck do Member make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Cropwell Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds', inciofure ML within the Parish of Cropwell Bishop, otherwise Great Cropwell, in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

3T A Bill

Kilmarnock

Streets and Bridges, &c.

Bill,

committed.

Dnndee Two Bennies Scots Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Kgton with Newland inclosure Bill* committed*

Maidstone Kfxid Bill,

relented.

Il'ir.gton Poer B4I, puffed.

3S4

230 Martii. A. 1802.

A Bill for opening (ereral new Streets in the Town of Kibiarnock, and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock 5 for removing the pirefent Slaughter Houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands, was read a Second Time.

Resolvej, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Drndas, Mr. Frederick Stuart, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. William Dundasreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberty and Suburbs thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and 'Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing 'the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the lload leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of 11 is present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaringdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

... 7

Lord William Cavendish Bentinckreported from the Great Crop;

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, wegiJ^1<"ure and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, reported, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell Bishop, otherwise Great Cropwell, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroired.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. T*1'

Smith: haveagrecdw

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for con-Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of tmuingDutie. March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, several m Irelan Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of JerJ'ey, Guernsey,

Alderney, Sark, and Man; without any Amendment:

And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^|arine ... for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while " utmy 1 on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Transport*-for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March tl^x®frj‘n One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and from thence am.) to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act £*"jor<* for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the sutCm Powers, of lb much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- Heads Bill, eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand, near Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hadcnev to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, RoaJ B,llr of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heatk, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saltaih Roads for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging Bl11* the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and

Seven-

4$ Geo. III. 23 Mattiu 25$

Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Salta/h, in the county of ; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

St. Leonard, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paving Bill. to eid^ge the Powers, and explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing " the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard,

" ditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better en- lightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, " and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch " and Beadles within the said Parish and for paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in? the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

Plymouth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and^iainage to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, Bill. situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of

Crab 7 \ee, called Tothill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Estimate of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His tS£* Majesty's Command,

presented. Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Apptudix, The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 37.) this Volume.

Estimates for Ordered, That Estimates of the Sums which may be Swkesln"1* wanted for Miscellaneous Services in Ireland,' for the Ireland, Year 1802, be laid before this House.

ordered.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House "

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix AppmAx, to this Volume. (No. 38.)

% J

A Petition of the Incorporated Society , in Dublin, Petition for for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, being offered to be presented to the House; testantScbook

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's 111 *"" Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth. That the Charter Schools of Ireland have, from their original Institution, been uniformly recommended from the Throne by the Lord Lieutenants of Ireland for the Time being, to that Consideration from Parliament which the Interests of Religion, and the good Education of Youth, peculiarly demand, and they are happy to find that the Institution Was deemed worthy of a Continuance of the like Support from this House in the last Session of Parliament; and that the unsettled and precarious State of Public Affairs in Ireland, and the great Increase of Expence required for the Maintenance of the Children. during. the last Four Years, precluded the Petitioners from* keeping their Schools in their general State of Repair, in consequence of which several of them are at present in such a Condition as will require the Expenditure of a considerable Sum to render them fit for the convenient Accommodation of the Children; and that the Number of Children in their Schools and Nurseries at Michaelmas last, by the Returns made to the Society, was 1,^70, of whom the greater Part (now cloathed, maintained, and educated m the

Principles of pure Christianity) must be dismissed to Penury, Ignorance, and Profligacy, without such Parliamentary Aid as shall appear to be necessary: And therefore praying the House, to take their present State into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Aid aa will enable them to support their several Schools and Nurseries upon a Cure Footing until the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Estimate of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin: And also,

Estimate of the Charge for apprehending Public Offendersin Ireland:And also,

Estimate of the probable Expence of the Crown So-Froiecutions. jjcjtors for Criminal Pro fee ut ions, and other Law Proceedings, in Ireland: And also.

Printing Pro- Estimate of the Expence of printing Proclamations tlan&c!°nS' ar)d Advettisements in The Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers, for One Year ending 5th January 1803: And also.

Public offices Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and m Dubbn. other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries

Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c. and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, for One Year, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803: And also,

Treasury. Estimate of the probable Charge for Incidental Expences of the Treasury of Ireland for One Year, to the 5th January 1803: And also,

L«w Courts. Estimate of the probable Expence for completing the East Return of Offices attached to the Law Courts Dublin, for the Year 1802: And also.

Battle Axe Estimate of the Expence to be incurred in the Year Guards. j go2> for cloathing the Battle Aace Guards.

Vo l. 57.

Estimates, p relented.

Port of Dublin.

Public

OiFenders,

Criminal

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Pro- cent. DutyT* duce, of the 4-and-i per Centum Duty, from the £th of ordered. April 1785 to the 5th of April 1801; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums charged on the Duties of 4-and-f per Centum, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th of April 1801; together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof.

Lord Viscount Belgrave presented to the House, ac- Bill for recording to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, ^"^"fn made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King Eleaion*, William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Present*dCharge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament; and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tjjne upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Lufliingtonpresented to the House, according to Bill for Relief

Order, a Hill for extending the Time for the Payment comve^ed of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to with Grenada, . ' 1 several *« presented.

several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Proceeding* on Conmer* Pee* Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were hot present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 24* Martii;

Anno; 42* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Norwich Poor

Petition,

reported.

MR. Frere reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, in the City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, was re-

ferred , That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, was read: — And,

Mr. William Simpson being examined, said, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; but that the several Powers and Provisions contained therein have been found insufficient for the several Purposes thereby intended; but, if the Powers and Provisions of the said Act were enlarged and altered, a new Workhouse might be erected, and the Poor of the said City and County might thereby be better and more comfortably maintained and supported, and at a lei's Expence than they are at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the " better Employment and maintaining the Poor there," so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Work-house within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof: And that Mr. Frere and Mr. Windham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gilway Gaol Mr. Trench reported from the Committee, to whom bui, reported. ti,c i$ill for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing I^and sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

5

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. *

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom Downturn the Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands D^ing/ail, and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Down- reported. ham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 121 Acres and 1 Rood of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be drained and improved consists of 1,674 Acres and 2 Roods; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: . to Bills-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord

Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor,

and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal

Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord

the Lord Pelham, and the Lord Wnamed also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and

notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill$: Which Bills

are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army ami their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine

Forces

iu

44 Geo. IIL

44

Forces while on Shore, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge May One thousand Eight hundred and Two: the Powers, of several Acts, paired in the Eleventh,

An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of Countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the Thirty- his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-lituled, " An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty jesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded be- through Hackney to Stamford and cross Cambridge " tween His Majesty and the United States of America f Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, to ctafe or be suspended until the Twenty-fifth Day of in the County of Midd/csex:

March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, under An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and certain Circumstances: enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, pafi'cd in the Second

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty‘fifth Day and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma-Cf March One thousand Eight hundred and Five, and jesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- Counties of and Devon, leading to the Borough

liament, and amending, several Laws relating to the of Saltash, in the County of Cor me a!I:

Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to tenv* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the porary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paffefpedlively tures, Downs; and all other Commonable Lands and

An Act to authorize the East India Company to Watle Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East in the Parish of Buckland, in the County of Berks:

Indies. a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort

IViiliani, in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, who, Mr. George Vreported from the Committee, Stntfjeld^ on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be Su- to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill; pernumcrary, to the Presidency of Port Saint George: a certain Common of Waste Ground called Mortimer reported.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Common, and other Comfnonable and Waste Lands, in July One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, the Manor and Parish of Mortimer, in the

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Counties of Berks and Hants, was committed; That the Act to flay, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March Committee had examined, and found that the Standing " One thousand Eight hundred and Two* Proceedings Orders of the House, relative to Bids of Inclosure, had " in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the been complied with; and that the Committee had ex- Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Fermsto be true; and that the Parties concerned had given An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the of land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the VII- Committee (except the Proprietors ot Estates adelled Jage of Crab Free, called Fothill Bay and Lipfon Bay, to the Land Tax at ^.32. 15 s. sod. per Annum, who near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of Estates alfeired at £. 24. tot. 8 per Annum, who of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea: were fieuter; and that the Whole Property interested in

An Act to enlarge the Powers, and explain And amend the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.307. 45. $d. an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the of his late Majesty King George the ScCo..d, intituled. Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and had gone through the Bill; and made several Amend-clean sing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, rtients thereunto, which they had directed him to report " Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and " enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Paf- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in sages, and Coutts there, and regulating the Nightly at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were " Watch and Beadles within the said Parish;" and for Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One paving, repairing, and regulating, certain Footways, by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and upon, were agreed toby the House.

Places, in the said Parish; And for removing Nuisances, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: ingrossed.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty- A Petition of John Earl of Westmorland, and the first Year of, the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- humble Petition of Sir Henry Knight, Owners p,^nt a

pairing and widening the Road from PVilmfow Bridge, and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Crofton, in Petition for

in Wilmflozv, in the County of Chester, through Nether the West Riding of the County of York, was presented Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near Fhe Red to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are,

Bull, in Church Lawton, in the said County; Within the said Parish, certain Open and Common

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Fields and Commonable Lands, which lie dispersed and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and jesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year inclosed, and specific Allotments or Portions thereof of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and let out to the Pertbns interested, it would be of great widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates Benefit to them; and that the Proprietors of the said to the Road leading from Fhe Cross of Hand, near Finford Lands and Grounds have, 11 nee the Time limited by Bridge, in the County of H'arwick, through the Town of the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was

Soul Lam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, elapsed, settled the Terms of an Agreement for inclosing in the County of Oxford: the said Lands rind Grounds: And therefore praying,

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and That, in Consideration of the Circumstances above-enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty* mentioned, Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition ciglun Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George for a Bill to divide, allot, and inclose, the ‘.'aid Open the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such of His present Majesty, for repairing the serveral Roads Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Lm?: girot. from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave bo of York: given to present a Petition, as desired.

Vo ii. 57- 3 U Then

Petition

patented*

Fllefoiere C'jrul Bill, reported.

JLhnelly

K.tilw.iy and Dv>ck Bill, eummitted.

Worthing Roads Bill, commuted.

258 240 Martiu 1802.

Then a Petition of John Earl of and the

humble Petition of Sir Henry , Knight, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of r, was presented to the House, and read; Containing limilar Allegations to the preceding Petition; and further Setting forth, That the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House have not been given in due Time, the Pro* prietors of the said Lands and Grounds not having resolved to apply for any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, until the Time for giving Notices, agreeably to such Standing Orders, was elapsed; and that it will be attended with great Loss to the Proprietors, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloting the said Lands and Grounds in this present Session: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds; and that Leave may be given to give the Notices in the present Month of March and in the Month of April next, or either of them, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre miles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Henry

Lafcel/es, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Kynaston Powell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Naviga- b!e Canal from the River Severn, at in

the County of Salop, to the River at or near

" Netherpool, in the County of Chestert, and also for

" making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from " the said intended Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription, and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the making of the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks called Cafell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanfihangel-aber by thick, in the said County, and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Hoad, at or near the said Place called The Flats, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston Powell, Mr. Hill,&c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the 9

Parish of Broadwater, in the County of by Findon,

Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial and from thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at Wef Grinjled Park, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, General Lenox, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of giving Powers to Justices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Powers given by the different Statutes now in Force, relative to the Repair of County Bridges, are in some Respects defective.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surveyors of County Bridges, appointed by Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions* should have the same Power to get, take, and carry away* Stones, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for the Repair of Roads over Bridges, and the Roads for the Space of Three hundred Feet at each of the Ends thereof, and to remove Obllrudlions and Annoyances to such Bridges and Roads, as are given to the Surveyors of Highways by virtue of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, making Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of the Peace, in General Quarter Sessions, should be empowered to alter the Situation of County Bridges, and to wideil and enlarge the fame, and the Roads for the Space of Three hundred Feet at each of the Ends thereof, and to order their Surveyor to agree for the Recpmpence to be made for the Ground to be taken for those Purposes, not exceeding One Acre at any One such Bridge; and, if the said Surveyor cannot agree with the Owner or Owners for the Purchase thereof, or, by reason of the Absence of such Owner or Owners, shall be prevented from treating, then the said Justices shall have Power to empannel a Jury at the Quarter Sessions, to assess the Compensation for such Lands, and for the Damage to be done, in the same Manner as they are authorized and empowered by the said A<fl of the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Highways.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers and Provisions of the said Statute of the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to Highways, and the Surveyors of Highways in general, should* be extended to County Bridges, and Roads at the Ends thereof, and the Surveyors of such Bridges and Roads, as for as the same can be extended and applied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants of Counties should have Power of

suing,

Irish Revenues Bilf, presented.

Report relative to repairing o( County Bridget*

24'

suing, 'and being sued, in the Name of their Surveyor, of some other public Officer.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie tipori the Table. '

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tv.efJay Morning next.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont (from Corn^&c.011 Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the presented. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, MeaF, Flour, and Rice, imported into England, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House;

Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 39.) this Volume,

Ordered, That Leave he given to present, Oh or before the 3d Day of April next, Petitions relating to Mif-ceilaneous Services, which were usually provided for by the Parliament of Ireland, without any previous Petitions being presented to this House* for Leave to present such Petitions.

Leave given to present Petitions re (pee ing Miscellaneous Service* in Ireland.

Petition for A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry, HouserffthC Dublin, being offered to be presented to the House, Industry in Mr. Corry (by His Majesty s Command) acquainted Dublin. the House, Toat His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, anjlread; Setting forth. That, in the nth and 12th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, an Act passed, authorizing the building an House of Industry in every County of Ireland, for the Reception of the helpless Poor thereof, and for keeping in lleftraint Sturdy Beggars and Vagabonds; and that in pursuance thereof, an House of Industry was built in the County of the City of Dublin; and that it is a fundamental Rule of this Institution, that the apparently helpless Poor should be admitted to the Relict it affords without producing any Certificate of their distressed Condition, or any Recommendation; and that it is now, therefore, become supplementary to all other Institutions for the Relief of the Indigent, by being at all Times open to those whom the Hospitals of the Kingdom, appropriated to particular Purposes, are unable to relieve from Limitation of Plan, or Defect of Revenue; and that the helpless Poor, and the Vagrant Beggar, the Infant, the Adult; the Sick, the Aged, and the Alien, the Idiot, and tire Maniac, are there admitted into separate Wards, and under Arrangements adapted to their particular Circumstances; and that this Institution restrains the vagrant, idle, and refractory, educates the Infant Poor, gives seasonable Relief in the Moment of general Calamity, leaving no Room for popular Clamour, or Pretence for disturbing public Tranquillity; and that its Regulations invite no fraudulent Claims on National Benevolence, measures out adequate Chastisement to Idleness and Vice, and obtains for the Public that Portion of Labour of which the infirm Poor are {till capable; and that the Discipline established by the Petitioners has enabled many of the Adult, but heretofore idle and vicious Poor, in consequence of the Skill and Habits of Industry acquired in the House, to support themselves Abroad, and to relieve the Public from the Burthen of their Maintenance; thus making Room for the aged Poor, and Children occupied with useful Education, which lait Class, under the Care of the Petitioners, has increased to a Degree far exceeding their present Means of Accommodation; and that, fof the Vol. 57.

259

Purpose of carrying their Plans of Improvement into complete Effect, and rendering the Institution more exteniively beneficial, the Sum of £. i ,000 Is necessary. for the Purchase of additional Ground, and the Sum of £. 2,oco towards building a Fever Hospital, additional.

Work Shops, and enlarging the Asylums for industrioui Children; and that the Infirmary attached to the House of Industry, not being sufficiently extensive for the Reception of the Number of tick Poor applying for Admission, the Petitioners received the Commands of his Excellency Marquis Cornwallis, then Lord Lieutenant, to open a Fever Hospital in Brown Street, ', until Accommodation could be prepared in the House of Industry; and that the Petitioners, have, in confer quence, opened the said Hospital for Fifty Patients on the ift of April last, from which Period it has continued full, and all Persons, iabouring under contagious Fever, are there admitted without any Recommenda^ tion: And therefore praying the House to grant such Sum for the Support of the Institution for One Year, as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital g*,‘*l0i!J £°f in Dublin, being offered ta be presented to the House; the Foundiinf

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted Hospitalin the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was bfought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Legislature having, under a late Act, thought fit to establish the Institution under the present Government, the Governors consider it their Duty to explain to the House, as concisely as pofifible, the State of this Charity, with the Advantages that have arisen from the Regulations adopted therein; and that on the 5th of November 1801 there Were supported by the Charity 3,962 Children, of whom 660 were in the Hodfe, aged Nine Years and upwards, Fourteen Infants in the Nursery, and 3,288 at Nurse in the Country, of whom 109 have been sent thither on account of their bad State of Health; and that the Children of Nine Years old and upwards are carefully instructed in Reading, Writing, Arithmetic, and the Principles of the Prcn testant Religion; and that several useful Manufactures have been established in tlje House for the Instruction and Employment of the Children; by which they have been enabled, in feme Degree, to lighten the Expence of their Maintenance and Cloathing, and have made feme Progress in acquiring useful Habits of Industry; and that, whilst the Foundling Charity is open to the indiscriminate and unlimited Admiiffion of Infants, and lo long as lb great a Difficulty exists to the apprenJ tieing or otherwise placing the grown Children out in the World, in such a Situation as shall afford a reasonable Prospect of rendering them useful and industrious Members of Society, the Charges of such an Institution cannot be estimated so precisely as might be done under the general Circumstances; but the House may be assured, that it will be the unceasing Object of the Governors to keep every Expence as low as possible, consistently with the humane Purposes of the Charity, and that if any Savings can be made, they will, as heretofore, be faithfully brought forward in Account to the Public: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to make such Grant as they shall think meet, to enable the Governors to support the Expences of the fcxifting Establishment, and such further Sum as they shall think proper to enable them to provide an effectual Remedy for the Difficulties under which the In-flitution now labours, and thereby more completely to fulfil the Purposes for which it was originally established.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

rvutlon for A Petition of the Hibernian Marine Society of »> ' jfb 0>' being offered to be presented to the House;

KftriueCr, Uan Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted koiitty. the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Corlideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated by His Majesty's Hoyal Letters Patent, dated the ift of August 177S> for the maintaining, educating, and apprenticing, the Orphans and Children of decayed Seamen in His Majesty's Royal Navy, and the Merchants Service, for ever; and that the Petitioners have for many Years been granted by Parliament, Aid in addition to their Funds, to enable them to fulfil the excellent Purposes for which the Charity was established, which was in the Year i 766; and that the probable Expence which will attend the Charity for the Year ending the 5th of January 1803, for the maintaining, educating, and apprenticing, agreeable to Charter, 135 Boys, will amount . to the Sum of £.2,726. 8j. And the Petitioners

therefore request. That the House will grant them such Aid, for the Purposes aforesaid, as shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Petition for Support of tli* Hibernian School for Soldiers Children.

A Petition of the Right honourable and Honourable the Governors and Guardians of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition wras brought up, and read; Setting forth. That they have now in the School 300 Children, and that the Maintenance of that Number, at the Rate of £.14 Sterling per Child per Annum, amounts to £.4,200 Sterling per Annum, such Estimate including an Increase at the Rate of £. 1 per Child per Annum beyond the Estimate returned last Year, partly in respect of Restitution of Salaries made to several of the Officers of the Institution, who had relinquished their Salaries during the deprefied State of the Funds, partly also in respect of the Increase of some of their Salaries in consequence of the increased Number of Children, and partly in respect to the further increased Expences which will necessarily be incurred by a Plan now in Contemplation, for instructing the Children in useful Trades; and that they have an Income only of about £.200 per Annum, arising from Legacies and Donations, which reduces the Amount for which they find themselves obliged to apply to Parliament, for the Purposes above-mentioned, to £.4,000 Sterling; and that an additional Expence will necessarily be incurred in the ensuing Year, for repairing the present Buildings, adding others thereto, and accommodating the Whole to the proposed Plan of Improvement for instructing the Children in useful Trades; which last Head of Expences is estimated at £.50o Sterling; the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to (late, that a Grant of £.4,500 Sterling net is requisite to maintain the present Number of Children, and to enable the Governors to carry into Efleft the proposed Plan of Instruction: And therefore praying the Aid of Parliament for the Support and Advancement of the Mcalurcs necesiary for the full Attainment of the valuable Object of this Institution, founded by Royal Charter, and which subsists almost entirely upon the accustomed and Annual Bounty of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table/

Petition for A Petition of the Governors and Govemeffcs of the the PFem.iie Female Orphan House, on the Circular Road, near

Orphan House Dublin, being offered to be presented to the House; near Dublin.

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, Tftat His Majesty, having been informed of th6 Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition wras brought up, and rfead; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, lately incorporated by Act of Parliament, have, from the Year 1791 to the present Day, opened an Asylum for destitute Female Orphan Children, and by the Assistance of Voluntary Contributions, have erected and furnished Buildings for the Reception of the fame, which might commodiously entertain 160 Children; that the Number received did once amount to 132, but, from the Precariousness of the Funds to support the fame, was necessarily reduced, as soon as conveniently could be done, to 112, which Number, by a Deficiency of Donations and Annual Subscriptions, the Governors would have been wholly unable to have maintained but for the Aid and Bounty of Parliament, which, in the first Instance, was extended to them in the Year 1800, to the Amount of £.500, in the second Instance, to the same Amount in 1801; that the Petitioners have now under (heir Care 107 Children, the Annual Expence of which they estimate for the ensuing Year at £. 1,569. 2f. i\d.-, and that a principal Fund of the Institution has arisen from a Collection made in Church at an Annual Sermon, which the Governors cannot in Prudence, from a Change of the Residence of many of their munificent Supporters, state at more than £. 400, as even, under more favourable Circumstances, the Collection has been as low as that Sum; and that every Article which constitutes the Funds of this Institution is precarious and uncertain (except £. 50 arising from Government Debentures) and estimated to the full Extent, which the Governors think they can with Safety state: And therefore praying for the further Aid of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the 107 Children now under their Care, for the ensuing Year: That if it should appear expedient to Parliament to extend the Benefit of this Institution, and to enable the Governors to fill their House with the helpleis and interesting Objects, against whom, from the Inadequacy of their Funds, they are now daily obliged to (hut their Door, a further Grant of £. 750 would be necesiary for the Annual Maintenance of the 50 additional Children which the House could contain, besides £. 200 for the Furniture and Clcathing necesiary for them on their Admission; and that the Petitioners flatter themselves that it must, at first Sight, appear that their Funds have been managed with the drifted (Economy, when their Books will drew that 112 Children, from the Age of Five to Sixteen, have been lodged, fed, cloathed, and instructed, in these limes, at a Sum not amounting to £. 1,400, exclusive of their own Skill and Industry, which, in the last Year, has produced £.176. 9J. 5 \d.a Circumstance of more Importance and lading Benefit to themselves than the Gain to the Institution; and the Governors beg Leave to observe, that their Expences could not have been included within these Limits, if they had not been assisted by the gratuitous Services of Gentlemen who have exerted themselves in Favour of the Charity.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That this Association was incorporated by an Act of the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that in the Prosecution of the Purposes of

their Petition for Support of the Society for promoting Christian Knowledge.

240 Martii.

261

their Institution they have, ever since their first voluntary AH'ociation in the Year 1792, expended their Annual Funds collected by the personal Subscriptions of their own Members, in promoting the Circulation of Bibles, Testaments, Prayer Books, and Tracts of a moral and religious Tendency, as well as in other Measures calculated for the Attainment of the same Objects; and that the Progress of Infidelity among the lower Orders, which has been uniformly found to be allied with Treat, n and Rebellion, might be considerably checked, if not wholly prevented, if the Petitioners were enabled, by the Liberality of Parliament, to pro--fecute their present Designs upon a more extensive Scale: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Sum as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition for Support of the House of Reception for Young Criminals in Dublin.

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry, Dublin, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House;

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, on the 5th of September lad, were commanded by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant to prepare an House for the Reception of young Criminals sentenced to Transportation, and others convicted in a summary Way before Magistrates, and to proceed in making the necessary Arrangements for carrying into Effect an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for employing at hard Labour, Persons Sentenced to Transportation and that Eilimatcs have been, prepared, and approved of, and considerable Progress has been made in adapting to the Purpose above-mentioned certain Buildings in Brown Street, near Smit/ifield, in the City of Dublin, which were originally intended for a Home of Correction, but which lay in an unfmiflied State; and that Twelve Boys sentenced to Transportation, and Two summarily convicted, have already been removed there, and placed under the Controul and Management of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners hope their Arrangements for the Reception ol an additional Number will loon be completed, and that the Regulations which were submitted to his Excellency's Consideration, and which he was pleated to approve of, will be in full Operation: And therefore praying the House to grant such Sum, for the Support of the Institution, for One Year, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition for A Petition of the thereunder-signed, on Behalf of Support of the themselves and others. Directors of the Westmorland ^kTiospital Lock Hospital, in Dublin, being offered to be presented in Dublin. tOthellouie;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the I ioufe. That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

♦ Then the said Petition was brought lip, and read; Setting forth, That the Institution of which the Petitioners have the Direction, is citablifncd in the Capital of Ireland, and is the only one in that Kingdom exclu-fively appropriated to the Relief of Persons labouring tinder Venereal Diferfcs, and that all Persons infefted are admitted without any Recommendation, and a Preference given to the rnest urgent Cafes; and that the Hospital is capaMe of receiving only 250 Patients, is always full, and is totally inadequate to the Reception of the Multitude applying for Relief; and that the Distribution of Triples to tl-e Ruptured Poor, which was adopted by Command o: his Excellency Marquis Cornwallis, has

\ OL. 57.

been productive of the most salutary Effects, as thereby many who had hitherto been a Burthen on the Public, were enabled to resort to Labour, and support them-felyes: And therefore praying the House to grant such Sum for the Support of this Establishment as may seem meet. §

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Tabic.

A Petition of the thercunder-signed Persons, Inhabi- Petition for tants of the City of Dublin, on Behalf of themselves and others, being offered to be prefen ted to the House; tai in Dublin.

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been infonned of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That there is no Hospital for the Reception of Patients labouring under contagious Fever in that Part of the City of Dublin which lies South of the River Liffty; and that the Petitioners, convinced by long Experience, that the Distreflcs fuftered by the manufacturing and labouring Poor residing therein (particularly in that Part thereof which comprizes the Liberty and its immediate Neighbourhood) are in a great Meafare owing to the Prevalence of contagious Fever, and that no effect tual Remedy can be applied to the Relief of the immediate Sufferers, or to check the Progress of Contagion, so long as the Patients airlifted with Fever are fuftered to remain in their own Dwelling Places, have already subscribed the Sum of £.1,647. lls- d. towards the Erection ol a House of Recovery, or Fever Hospital, for the Reception of Patients of the poorer Clafies labouring under contagious Disease, and towards defraying the Annual Expences thereof, and of such other Measures as Experience has proved to be efficacious in counteracting the Progress of Inteftion; and that the Petitioners prjpo.c ;o tape rip. tend the Application of such Sums as have been already subscribed, or may hereafter be fob-feribed or granted, towards the Accomplishment of the above Purposes, and to render an Annual Account thereof to the Public; and that such an Instiiution will be not more conducive to the Welfare of the poorer Gaffes than to the general Health of this Metropolis; and that,* as the Evil is er.tensive in its Operation, so the Means used for its Suppression must be proportionally great; and, in Order to give complete Efficacy to the Design, and Permanency ^o the Establishment, the Affifiance of Parliament will be necessary: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Aid towards the Erection and Outfit thereof, and also Rich further Aid towards defraying the Annual Expences thereof, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Dublin Society for promoting Huf- Petition for

bandry, and other uicful Arts, in Ireland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the f.tid Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That their Society, which was formed in 1731, was incorporated by his late Majesty in 1749, by the Title of " The Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, " andpther ufetul Arts in Ireland;" and that their only Fund was the fin all Amount of their own Subscriptions until 1749, when his Majesty was graciously pleated to grant them £- 500 a Year on his Civil Establishment, and that the Parliament of Ireland had uniformly added its Bounty every Seftion; and that many Manufactures, particularly those in an'infant State, require a Continuance of Aid to encourage adequate Exertion; and they therefore lbbmit to the House their earned hope, that its

3 X Liberality

Support of the

Dublin

Sooicty.

i6i

240 Ma

A. 1802.

Liberality will please so to encrease their Grant, over and above whatever temporary Sum they may in their Wif-' dom think fit togiveat present, for their Buildings, and to enable them to support and maintain their several Institutions, and hold forth to the Public such Bounties and Premiums for the Promotion of Agriculture, Planting, Manufactures, and the Fine Arts, as may be deli'able: And therefore praying for such Belief as the Home shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition for A Petition of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic KonunCitUc^ Seminary' at Maynoothbeing offered to be presented to )iv. vKin.uury the House;

at M.i> i.ootii. Mr. Corry(by His Majesty's Command) acquainted

the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House,

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners most gratefully acknowledge the Bounty of the House, by which they have been enabled to carry on the Purposes of the Institution for the present Year, agreeably to the humane and liberal Intentions of Parliament, and they trust with much Effect, towards the Diffusion of Civilization and Loyalty throughout this Member of the United Kingdom, by giving, in various Parts of it, to a considerable Portion of His Majesty's Subjects, a Number of informed and dif-ciplined Instructors, loyal from Principle and Education, and zealous in their Loyalty from Gratitude; and that the Sum of £. 8,000 is necessary to defray the Expence of the Establishment of the Seminary for One Year; and -that the Petitioners have no Resource but in the provident Bounty of Parliament for continuing, with Effect, an Institution which they are confident will not disappoint the wife Views that suggested its Establishment, nor be found unworthy of the liberal Protection under which it has been hitherto conducted: And therefore praying. That they may be enabled to defray the Charge of the Establishment of the Seminary for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1803, in such Manner as to the House Hial 1 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition for A Petition of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, Aitabner m an(j lighting the City of Dublin, being offered to be pre-ofDuLiiin.0 fented to the House;

Mr. Cony (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Parliament of Ireland has, for a Number of Years, granted to laid Corporation the Annual Sum of £. 10,000, to be expended by them in paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets of Dublin: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Assistance as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ing the Streets of Dublin,(or One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5 th Day of January 1803.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures, or Stock, which have been redeemed or purchased by them, together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame, and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a general State of the Fund -, specifying whether any, and what Money, ftiil remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them: And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them, and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Account of Keduction of National Debt of Ireland, presented.

Appendix,

(No. 40.)

F il'miles of t C: t.-ill Service* in Ire-l.n.d, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimates of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland — The 1 louse of Industry in Dublin — The Foundling I lofpiral in Dublin — The Hibernian Marine Society — The Hibernian School for Soldiers Children — T he Female Orphan House in Dublin — The A1 foci at inn for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion in Ireland — The Penitentiary House in for Young

Ciiminals — The IVef.morland Lock Hospital in Dublin — The Fever 1 lospital in Dublin — The Dublin Society for promoting 1 Iutbandry, and other useful Arts, in Ireland — The Establishment of the Seminary at —

»nd the Corporation for paving, cleansing, anti light-

Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimntes

Orders reacting

V^raers, . Ireland,

An Estimate of the Expence of supporting the Pro- presented: testant Charter Schools of Ireland (under the Direct ion Protestant of the Incorporated Society) for One Year, to end the schools".

5th of January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of supporting the House House of of Industry in Dublin, from the 5th of January 1802 to InduIt°'-the 5th of January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital Foundling in Dublin, for One Year, from the 5th January 1802 to Holl)lt‘ the 5th January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for One Year, to the 5th of s^[«y. January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the supposed Expences of the Hiber- Hibernian nian School for Soldiers Children, for one Year, com- soi'dielf" mencing 5th January 1802, and ending 5th January Children. 1803: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Female Orphan Female House, Dublin, for One Year* from the 5th January j 802 House!* to the 5th January 1803, for the Support of 107 Chil-

dren: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of the Association incor- Association porated for discountenancing: Vice, and promoting the pmotinS Knowledge and rractice of the Christian keligion, for Knowledge, the Year 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of fitting up and sup- Penitentiary porting a Penitentiary, or House of Reform, in Dublin, House' for Young Criminals, by Command of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, for One Year, from the 5th January

1802 to the 5th January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expences of supporting the Westmorl.md

morland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from the Hospiul. 5th January 1802 to the 5th January 1803: And also,.

An Estimate of the Expence of the Society for Dublin

promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, in Ireland, SaC)ety-for One Year, from 5th January 1S02 to 5 th January

1803: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Establishment of Rom.inCuho-the Roman Catholic Seminary, for One Year, ending the IC i¥1DIIU'>-3th of January 1803.

Mr. Corry also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the probable Expenditure at His Wicklow Majesty's Gold Mine at Croaghan, in the County of Guld Niiae' Wicklow, Ireland, from the 5th of 1802 to the

5th of January 1803.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered,

Appendix,

(No. 41.)

Committee of Supply.

Accounts,&c.

referred: Disposition of Grants.

Exchequer Bills.

Claims for American Vessels.

1>

Deficiency of Tonnage Duties.

Embodied

Minna.

Committee on Rrnortof I fie of Dogs Canal, &c. Petition, deferred.

Account and

Estimates presented: Money advanced for Public Services.

Emigrants and Xoyulifts*

42 Geo. III. 240 MartiL

Ordered, That the said Eft I mates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1801, have been disposed of, distinguished tinder their several Heads, so far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exchequer Bills, issued in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand " Eight hundred and One;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Memorial of Lord Grey and Earl St. Vincent, late Commanders of His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, relative to Claims for American Vessels detained, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Report of James Hefeltine, Esqtiire, King's Prodtor, on the Memorial of Lord Grey and Earl St. Vincent, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Sum of ft. 1,200,000, granted out of the Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, for the Service of the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resplved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hcuie, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, presented to the IIoulc, by His Majesty's Command,

A further Account 01 Monies advanced for Public Services trom the Civil List (not being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, TouicncJe, and Corsican Emigrants, Sufferers,

and American Loyalists, for the Year 1802: And all'o,

VOL. 57.

An Estimate of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to Coin of this Kingdom, for the Cc?n.° the Year 1801: And also,

An.Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Scotch Roads, of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Sums likely to be incurred for Con>ia«. confining and maintaining Convicts at Home, for One Year, to 31st December 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge Aliens, of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil CaPe Breton. Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1802:

And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Bermudas. Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Islands) from the 1 ft of January to the 31st of December 1802: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil NewBrunf-Establishment of the Province of New in W1C

America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 180a: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the " Civil Nova Scotia. Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1 ft of January to the 31 ft of December 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Dominica. Establishment of the Island of Dominica from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Prm,c,e , Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, W*r 8 now called Prince Edward's lft and, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1S02: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Newfound-Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America, 1 from the ift of January to the 3 ift of 1802:

And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the ' Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in Ame- an rica, from the 1 ft of January to the 31st of December 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil N?" South Establishment of New South Wales, from the ift of CS‘ January to the 31st of December 1802: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil ®al, amas* Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st /

of December 1802.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The First of the said Estimates was withdrawn, on Account of an Inaccuracy, pursuant to an Order of the 2d of April s, and the said Account, and the other Estimates, are inserted in the Appendix l£WtnJtx\ to this Volume (No. 42.)

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning JJ^^cfcr-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, red. ' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Additional Petition re-i]x 5HngS;>elf-bury inc.o-lure, reported.

St. Anne'* (Wen mi litter) Church, iVc Bid, prefen led.

Petition for

Provision in K' nt Strett Bill, reported.

250 Martii. . 1802.

jfovis, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 420 Georgii II1, U Regis, 1802. Prayers.

MR. John Fane reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of , in the County of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. If 'III:am Goddard being examined, said, That the Petitioners have applied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish; and that the Standing Orders respecting Notices of such Applicadons not having been complied with, the House granted Leave to the Petitioners to give such Notices in the present Month of March and in April next. — ' The Witness being further examined, said. That the Petitioners apprehend, that all the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, which they originally intended, and now desire to be included in such Bill, are not fufti-ciently described in the said Petition, which should lave included all the Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, as well as the Commons and Waste Grounds mentioned in the said Petition, and which Common Fields and Commonable Lands belong to the same Persons, and no others, as are entitled to, or interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that all Parties concerned are contenting.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mar /waring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for completing the re-building of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of WtJin;infer, in the County of MidJ/efex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Uic of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, and improving the Church Yard, and for making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lawrence Hundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribir.g, for themselves, and on Behalf of other Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, in the County of Kent, adjacent to the Great Road leading from Hartford to London, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'fable: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, cinderInnes, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Great Road leading from Hartford to London is a Part of the Great Line of Road leading from Hover to the Capita! of the Kingdom, and that Foreigners from all Part-, of Europe, and Travellers of every Description, as well as the Petitioners, contribute to its Maintenance; and that the said Road more immediately communicates with tiic populous Towns and Villages of Greenwich, Woolwich , Lewifham, and and Two

of His Majesty's Dock Yards, and Ordnance Warren, the Safety, Convenience, and Accommodation of whose Inhabitants, as well as the numerous Persons connected with the Public Service, ought to be attended to; but . that Robberies, and dreadful Accidents, frequently happen on this Road; and that whilst almost every other Road in the Neighbourhood of London is watched, lighted, and watered, this great Approach to the Capital of the Kingdom from the Continent has been, in these Respects, totally neglected — And the Witness added, That the watching, lighting, and watering certain Parts of the said Road, more particularly from East to

Thomas-a-lVaterings, and guarding the Road leading over Black heath and Shooter's Hill to Welting, would be highly beneficial to the Public, as well as creditable and ornamental to the Capital of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark+to Hartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting and watching, or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greemvich and Saint Paul,

Heptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of lo much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Street

-to the Turnpike Gate at or near Th 0 mas-a -Water-

ings, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing , the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street,

Southwark, to Hockhead, and other Roads therein described, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for obliging the Trustees to watch, light, and water, so much of the said Road as leads from East Greenwich to Saint and to guard so much thereof as leads over and Shooter sHill to Welling.

An ingrafted Bill for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purciiafing Land fuilicient c

for the fame; and for other Purposes relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of Gahvax, and for purchasing Land fuilicient for the fame; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. French do carry the Bill fro the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, stratfield a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Mom^mer^ Common, and other Commonable and Waste 'Lands, in paired, 1 ' the Manor and Parish of Stratfield in the

Counties of Berks and Hants, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the M anor and Parish of Stratfc/d. Mortimer, in the Counties of Berks and Hants.

Ordered, That Mr. George Varfttart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading trom the Reading of London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of CvJkum, in the Cu]h\Ko;ui

1 and Bridge

County Bill.

Great Crop* well Inclosur# Bill, parted*

Tinmouth Lighthouse Bill, reported.

Downham Market, &c. Drainage Bill, passed.

Member

added to bring in Sotherton Moor Inclosure Bill.

Bill, pre fented.

County of Oxford, to and thtough the Parishes of Dud-cote and Hagb'orne, in the County of Berks, and from

thence to the End of the Lane leading from Tirrold into the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks; and for erecting a Bridge across the River 'Thames or JJis, at Or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of to the

opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton in the said County of Berks, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday the 5th Day of May next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing* allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields* Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds* within the Parish of , other-

wife Great Cropwell, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bishop, other*

wile Great Cropwell, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners (whose Names are thereunto subscribed) acting in Execution of an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and also, the Petition of the Ship Owners of the Port of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, were severally referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petitions j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land* called ton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of

Vol. 57.

Suffolk: And the fable was received j arid read the First Time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tittle.

The House was moVed, That the Petition of William >

Alflon, of Rochester, in' the County of Kent, Butcher, resp'eaing ' which was presented to' the House upon the 26th Day sheemeft Pier of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,' might be again read. toa.Com-

And the same being read accordingly; taittce.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coil-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock,- in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Brereton, of Pickhitl, in the County of Denbigh, Esquire, was presented to the House, against Wrex-and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the ham and Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers; of an bji 03 Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham,

" in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County " of Chef erf and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Creditor for the Sum of £. 100, besides a considerable Arrear of Interest, upon Security of Tolls arising at a certain Toll Gate at -Holt Bridge, in the County of Denbigh, erected by virtue of the said Act:; and that the Road branching out of the said Road as aforesaid is at present a Common Highway only from Wrexham to Holt, and it will require a considerable Sum of Money to repair the fame, and to make it of a sufficient Width for a Turnpike Road, and no public Benefit or Advantage will be derived therefrom, the same being a greater Length of Road than the present Turnpike Road, and running nearly parallel therewith 1 and if the said Branch should be made, the Petitioner's Security upon the said Tolls would be injured; and that if any Turnpike Gate be erected upon, the said Road within Half a Mile of the said Town of*

Wrexham, the same would be a Burthen upon many Persons who do not travel more than that Distance upon the said Road; and the Petitioner conceives* that the Tolls arising from the said Turnpike Gate at Holt would, if properly applied, pay the Interest of all the Debts of the said Turnpike Road, and keep the same in proper Repair: And therefore praying, That the said Clause in the said Bill, for making and repairing the Road branching out of the said Road at Pwll-y-rhyd aforesaid, may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioner may be heard by his Counsel or Agent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. ‘

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeort to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, If‘e

to consider of the Report which was made from the Canal, &c.. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, be now read.

3 Y And

t

Accounts of Grain and Rice imported and exported, presented.

Parish Apprentices Bills deferred.

Petition of the Ma>or, &c. of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, re-fpcCking the R] ice oi Grain.

Petition of Inhabitants of Liverpool, against Lancaster County Rates Bill.

% 66 250 Mattiu A- 1802

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed, That Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Grain and Rice imported into the several Ports of England and Scotland, between the 10th October 1801 and the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Countries whence, and the Ports where, imported: And also.

An Account of all Grain and Rice exported from the several Ports of England and Scotland, respectively, between the 10th October 1801 and the 5th 1802}

distinguishing the Countries into which, and the Ports whence, exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being- read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to require the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgell'es, and Commonalty of the Borough of Weymouth. and Melcombe Regis, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the late Harvell has been very abundant throughout the United Kingdom, but the Price of Bread frill continues higher than the Abundance of Corn and Grain will justify; and that it would be very conducive to the Relief of the Poor, and the Benefit of the Public, if Means were taken to ascertain the Stock of Grain in the Country, from Time to Time, with the Quantity of Acres fbwn with each Sort of Grain in every Year: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Matter into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as they may think proper to adopt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Reverend Samuel Clerk,

and the Reverend Robert Hankinon Roughfedge, Clerk, Redtors of the Parish of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, James Taylor, Makin Simmons, and Edward Lewis, Churchwarden and Overseers of the said Parish, George Bevan, Sidefman, and Edward Vestry

Clerk, for and on Behalf of themselves and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Sessions, to make an equal County Rate for the said County; and Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish rated to the Relief of the Poor thereof, will be materially aftedted, and their real Property therein considerably injured in its Value, lhculd the said Bill pals into a l.aw: And therefore praying, That Leave may be granted to them to be heard, by Count'd, against the said Bill, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Count'd, against the said Bill, ujK>n their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counl'el be admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour»of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty* the Resolutions which the Committee had , directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Five Thousand Five Hundred and Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts of the 39th, the 39th and 40th, and the 41st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty-five Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty-four Thousand Six Hundred and Eleven Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid for the Purchase of One-third Part of the Annuity of Nineteen Thousand Pounds payable to the Duke of Richmond, pursuant to an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Fifty-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Fourteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for Discount on Prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three Thousand Five Hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of for receiving the Contributions to the Loan, and Subscriptions to the Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid for incidental Expences attending the Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft* and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the " Year 1801."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five Thousand Three Hundred Thirty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make further Indemnification to the Earl Saint Vincent and Lord Grey, late Commanders in Chief in the West Indies, on Account of Decrees against them in the High Court of Admiralty, for the Detention of American Ships at the Capture of Martinique and other Places in the West Indies.

Resolved,

Report

Supply.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Commission for Red u& ion of National Debt.

Duke of Richmond.

Officers of the Exchequer.

Discount on Loan and Lottery.

To the Bank

for receiving Contributions to D\

Incidental Expences attending the Lottery.

Exchequer Bills.

Indemnification to Earl St. Vincent and Lord Grey.

42 Geo. ill,

5b — 26° Martiu

367

Deficiency of

Tonnage

Duties.

Embodied

Militia.

Resolved, That it is the Opihion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Ten Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Sum of One Million Two Hundred Thousand Pounds granted out of the Dutiei on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage on Ships and Vessels, for the Service of the Year 1801'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Thirty-eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of May following, both inclusivej being Sixty-one Days.

D° of Ireland. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thirty-five Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the ,24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Title of the Cud Estimate was reaji.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 43.)

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotv Moming; Ten of the Clock:

VeHeriS \26° die Martii\

Anno 42* Georgii III"‘ Regis, 1862.

Prayers.

MR. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Henley whom the Petition of the several Trustees

A Bill to continue several Acts of the last Session of wmnittecL1'1' Parliament, for reviving, continuing, aind amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of

whom the Petition of the several Trustees ap- culhwn*1"1 pointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 9th Bridge Roads Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and allb an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for the Revenues of Ireland, was, according to Order, read widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and

widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, ifl the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to in the County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a- Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition for

End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; and also an Act, made in the 21st Year of the A Petition of the thereunder-signed,^on Behalf of Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term

' ' and Powers of the Two Acts before mentioned, whole

Ireland.

Farmh»g°ft themselves and others, of the Farming Society of Ire-Society of land, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Names are thereunto subscribed, lb far as the same Acts relate to the Road leading from Henley Bridge to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to the Place called The Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge aforesaid, was referred; That the Corn-Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Set- mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Or-ting forth, That this Society, under the Patronage of his ders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

Estimate of Expepce of Farming Society of Ireland, ordered.

Account of Profit and I-ofs on Exchequer UUU, ordered.

Fllimate of Expence of Farming Society of Ireland, prctcimtd.

Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, have, by their Efforts, already had the Satisfaction of producing considerable Benefit to that Part of the United Kingdom, by Means of the Bounties offered by them for various Objects, in which their private Funds have been aided by the Bounty of the House in the last Session of Parliament: And therefore praying the further Aid of the House, to enable them to continue and extend the Objects of the Institution, to the further great Advantage of the Agriculture and Live Stock of that Part of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of the Farming Society of Ireland,

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. Thomas Cooper, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Cud Acts, so far as relates to the said last mentioned Roads, as aforesaid, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money borrowed and due cannot for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless

5 th Day of January 1803

the Tolls, and the Term and Powers of the said Acts, are enlarged, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Henley Bridge to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to the Place called The Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 9th and 28th Years Mr. Corry presented to the House, pursuant to their of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se-

Order, cond, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present

Estimate of the Expence to be incurred by the Farm- Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein

ing Society of Ireland, in the Year 1802. described, so far as the same relate to the Road from

Vol. 57- Henley

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with the Dates thereto, from January 1800 to the latest Period the same can be made up.

268 a6° Martti. A. 1802.

Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and a Place

called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kelso Two A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and &cnnifiliSCOt*' Powers of Two several Acts, of the 3 2d Year of the committed. Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or loid, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Douglas, Sir Robert Laur, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Cleckheaton Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to pre[cnted.Bl11' ^rt*er> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlall, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AMictts A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Indo'iure' Bill an<^ Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands committed. ' and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbots Morton, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Order for Stretford's Bridge Roads Bid, discharged, and Report on Petition, re-committed.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 11 th Day of this Instant March, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, " made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from " Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the " New Inn, in the Parish of Winftanftow, in the County of Salop, and alj'othe Road from Blue-mantle I lall,

" near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County " of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made 4t in the Tiventy-second 1 ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Read from Mortimer's Crols " to Aymstrey Bridge;" for discharging the Trustees for executing the said Acts from the Care of certain Parts of the Roads in the said Acts comprized, and for transferring the Road leading from the IVailing Street Road, in a certain Place called Th Long Lane, to a certain Place called The Ntw Inn, in the said County of Salop, to the Care of the Trustees for executing several Acts, passed for amending and widening several Roads from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minflerley, in the several Counties of -Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads in the said loft-mentioned Acts described, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The Iloulc was also moved, That the Report which, upon the 11 th Day of this Instant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing certain Acts for the Repair of the 2

Roads thereinafter mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was referred, might be read again.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that there was an Error in the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Great Bartow Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields,

Half-Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Se- *

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mf. Cornwallis, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Siikftine, ire. Open Fields, Melhe Inclosures, Commons, and Waste committcJ!^ Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkfione, Hoyland Swand Caw t home,

in the Parish of Silkfone, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Egerton reported from the Committee, to Trent Navi-whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the to make

Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, distented, or declared them* selves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Runham Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, Biu

and preserving, the Open Fields, Marfti Lands, Fens, presented. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Runham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Horsham altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one '*

passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, a Tick!chain, and Lea-

ther head, to the Watch I louse in F.bbin the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone n the Parish

of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa ft: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one palfed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 16th Year of the Reign

of

Harmondf-tvorth, kc. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Wellhirj' Inclosure Bill, committed*

Order for Notices of jSpcUbury Inclosure, discharge 1, and another Order made.

The Lords ' have agreed to

Otlcy and Skipton Roads Bill.

of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickle kam, and Leaf her head, tQ the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ock/ey, in the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Harmcndjworth, and Cran-

ford, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tearing, Mr. Byug, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Barne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Report, which was Yestertiay made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Spe/shury, in the County of Oxford, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 15th Day of this Instant March, " That Leave " be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of Spe/shury, in the County of " Oxford, for Three Sundays, in the present Month of " March and in the Month of April next, or either of " them, of the Application to Parliament for the Piir-"poses mentioned in the said Petition," might be again read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Pari 111 Church of Spe/shury, in the County of Oxford, for Three Sundays, in the present Month of March and in the Month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a BUI for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable l>ands, in the said Parish of Spe/shury, in the said County of Oxford, as mentioned in the said Petition.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-eightn Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-(iift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, l'o far'as the same relate to the Roads from Olley to Skipton, in the County of and from

Skipton aforesaid to Coin:,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for altering the Courl'e or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otlcy to Skipton aforesaid5 without any Amendment: And also,

Vo L.57.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Homingfe* for dividing, allotting* and inclosing, the Open and Bic-

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Horningsea, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Catvtte, Clerk to;

the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended Company, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Relented, fented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1806 to the " 10th of October 1801, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the 21st " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the " Mystery of Mercers of the City of ," and the " other of the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting additional Fees Coroner* pots and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The Lord Glenbervie reported from the Committee Report from appointed to consider of the State of the Com Trade com between Great Britain and Ireland, and report the same, *

with their Observations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon T/titrJday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ir5(h j*e'e- upon the Bill to continue several Acts of the last Session nUe* 1 ‘ of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tQ report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday.

Morning next.

3 Z

27°

a 6° Martii. A. 1802.

Adjournment. Resolved, That . this House brill, at the Riling of Ihe House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Petition of A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of o^LwJrpooi, the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in ajtimrt Council assembled, was presented to the House, and Couiuyf Ratts rca<^; Taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Bill. Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Sessions, to make an equal County Kate for the said County; and Setting forth, That the d own of Liverpool is a very ancient Town and ' Corporation by Prricription, by which, and by its Char-

ters, it enjoys many valuable and exclusive Rights and Franchises, and, amongst others, the Mayor and Bailiffs hold a Court of Pleas for the Trial of Civil Cauies arising within the said Town and Corporation, and the Mayor and other Justices of the Peace for the Borough, hold their Sessions for the Trial of Persons accused and charged with Petit Larceny, Misdemeanors, and other Offences of an inferior Nature, arising the rein, the Expences of ' which Prosecutions the Petitioners have uniformly and immemorially paid and borne out of their Corporate Funds and Estate, without any Assistance from the County Kate, or any Interference of the County Magi-strat^s; and that, for the Purpose of confining the Prisoners for Debt under the Authority of the said Court of Pleas, and the Criminals charged and detained for Trial at the Court of Quarter Sessions for the Borough, the Petitioners have, at a very great Expence, within the last Twenty Years, erected a very large and commodious Gaol, and laid out other vety considerable Sums of Money, in Support of their ancient Rights and Privileges; and that the Petitioners in their Corporate Capacity, as Lords of the Manor of and by Purchase, are Proprietors of very valuable and extensive Landed Properly within the Town and Liberties; and, inasmuch as this their Property in Houses, Buildings, and Land, may be materially atte&ed, and their ancient Rights, Liberties, and Franchises, much infringed upon, if this Bill should pass into a Law; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the fair! Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Committee of Supt.ly.

Estimate % &c.

referral: Vort <A Dublin.

Public

Offenders.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cr.nfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of Practicpic of the Port of Dublin, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, be referred to the

laid Committee.

Crimiu.il Pro-locution*, <xc.

Ordered, That the F.ftinute of the probable Expence of the Crown Solicitors for Criminal Prosecutions and

other L:;v Proceedings, in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Priming Pro- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of printing elanution., Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers, for One Year ending 5th January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Pnb'ic office* Ordered, That the Estimateoi the Charge of Printing, in UuKm. Stationary, and other Dilburtlments, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices m Dublin See. and for Riding

Charges, and other Expences of the Deputy Purlui-vants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, lor One Year, from the 5th of January 1802 to the

5th of January 1803, be referred to the said Com- . mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Charge Treasury. for Incidental Expences of the Treasury of Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Expence Caw Courts, for completing the Eall Return of Offices attached to the Law Courts , Dublin, for the Year 1802, be referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence to be Battle-Axe incurred in the Year 1802, for cloathing the Battle-Axe Uuard,> Guards, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Expendi- Wicklow ture at His Majesty's Gold Mine at Croag/ian, in the.Gold Mme* County of Wicklow, Ireland, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were pre- Petitions relented to this House, upon Tuesday and Wednesday last, and Yesterday, relative to the Protestant Charter Schools mentsm of Ireland — The House of Industry in Dublin — The Inland. Foundling Hospital in Dublin — The Hibernian Marine Society — The Hibernian School for Soldiers Children —

The Female Orphan House in Dublin — The Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion in Ireland —

The Penitentiary House in Dublin for Young Criminals — The Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin — The Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, in Ireland — The Establishment of the Seminary at Masnooth — and the Farming Society of Ireland, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Estimates which were pre- Estimatesrela-fented to this House upon Wednesday last, and Y'cfterday, tive thereto.' relative to the subject Matters of the said Petitions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^I£ans*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for e erre railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Motning next. Ten of the Clock.

42 Geo. Ill* 290

Lunaj 29° Martii;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, x 8 o 2. Prayers.

Tetnple Bar, O IR John William A reported from the Conv-

mentPethitu mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, reported. ' Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City oc Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as ' followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the 35th, 38th, and 40th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of , and Temple

Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, were read: — And,

Mr. William Alcntagn, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in executing the several Works by the said recited Acts directed to be done, and find it nccellavy that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be enlarged and altered, and the Time for executing them extended, the better to enable them to complete the said Improvements, and to make such Sewers, and other Works, as may be required for the new Street now forming at Snow Hill. — And the Witness added. That it is also necessary that the Petitioners should be enabled to apply any Monies already raised for the general Purposes of the said Acts, in making such Sewers, or to raise such further Sum of Money for that and the other Purposes aforesaid, as may be required.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for-railing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, passed in the 35th, 38th, and in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and forraif-

ing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum* of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do . prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lanercnft Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Committee, Iiuloiure Bill, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, reported. (he Moors, Commons, and W afte Grounds, in the Manors of Troddiremain, Walton H ood, and

Lanercojl, all in the Parish of in the County of

Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates ali'dled to the Land Tax at . f. 1. 12 s'.2 d.\per Annum, who refilled to l;gn the Bill;

and also, except the Proprietors alielled at 9 10

who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons intcretfed in the Inclosure is aifclfed at /. 27. 1 s.yd. { per Annum; and that no Person appeared before, the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Vox..57.

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon_ the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunder written, being Proprietors of Lands, or other- Proprietors, wile interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and weiton and other Commonable Lands, in the Township and Hamlet Sutton Baffett of Sutton Bajfett, in the County of Northampton, was pre- inclosure fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Town-lliips, or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland, and Sutton Batfett, in the County of Northampton; and Setting forth,

That the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Township and Hamlet of Sutton BaJJett, lie separate and apart from, and are no Ways intermixed with, the Commonable Lands in the said Township and Hamlet of Weston by; and

that a considerable Portion, in Value, of the Proprietors of Lands in the Township and Hamlet of Bajfett

dissent to the said Bill, and to the Inclosure of the Commonable Lands in the same Township and Hamlet, which would not be advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That the Commonable Lands, in the Township and Hamlet of Sutton BaJJett, may not be included in, or affected by, the said Bill; and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Couniel, or Agents, against the Provisions of the said Bill, lb far as they extend to the same Township and Hamlet, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall appear reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Airewa, 'whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- inclosure Bill-, proving, certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, rePorted-and.Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrervas, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that thef Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 46 Acres 1 Rood 1 Perch, of the said Open Meadows, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 21 Acres 3 Roods 27 Perches, of the said OppnMea-' dows, who were neuter; and the Whole of the said Open Meadows contain together 366 Acres 2 Roods 2 i Perches; and also except the Persons entitled to 17 Common Rights on the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, who refilled to sign the Bill; and a!lo except the Persons entitled to 16 Rights of Common who were neuter; and that the Number of Common Rights on the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds to be inclosed amount, in the Whole, to 139; and that no Person appeared before tho Committee to oppose the

27'2

29° Martii.

A. 1802.

Bill);, and that the Committee had gone through the the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Ma-they had directed him to report to the House; and he jesty, are payable, in lieu of Statute Duty, by the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Trullees of the said Roads from the Repair and Ma-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the nagement of so much of the Branch Road, leading from Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Stones End in Street to the Turnpike

House.

Ordered, That ingross'ed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Sotherton Moor Inclosure Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lefevre, Mr Dickins,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-lVaterings, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trullees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Doekhead, and other Roads therein described, is committed.

Broughton Inclosure Bill,

Knotting Road Bill, presented.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Ty thing of Broughton, Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Cross, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and in in the County of fVorcester, was committed;

enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, palfed in the That the Committee had examined, and found that the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His closure, had been complied with; and that the Com-present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High nnttee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Road from IVejhcoodGate, in the Parish of Knotting, in found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-and I Jig ham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the faction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 33 Turnpike Road in Barton SeagraveLane, in the Parish of Acres of Open Field Land, who refused to lign the Bill; Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton: And and the Proprietor of One Acre of Open Field Land,

Kettering Road Bill, f relented.

who was neuter; and that the Whole of the Open Field Lands consists of 446 Acres and 37 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, pafi'ed in the they had directed him to report to the House; and he 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Second, and in the 13th and 21st Years of the Reign the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Ketter- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ing, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington

Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or re-building the said Sherrington Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

House.

Ordered, That ingrafted.

the Bill, with the Amendments,' be

Dundee Two

Pennies Scots re-committed

Mr. IViUiamDundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, iiill, reported, granted by several Acts, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the 1 iberty and Suburbs thereof, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repa ring the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the l'ar.lh of George, Southwark, to Dart-

Jord, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and the i'a:d Read

Voices to C ommittee on Kcut Street Ktmli Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. T,'f I ord5

Leeds: - have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bedford iatvei for amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of tria^Draim-an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of ago- Bill.

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low' Grounds,

" lying in the South Level, part of the great Level of " the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between " certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and " Brandon Rher, and a certain Level or District called " Feltzvell Nezv DifriSl, and the Hard Lands of Woodhattin-He/gay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and " Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division, described in the said Act; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act YTrUinfn* for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- c 0 ure |B‘ mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Woo-burn, in the County of Buckingham-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Kolle's Nat. naturalizing Henri eh Ku/U; without any Amendment.

Kill.

And then the Mefllngers withdrew.

improving

ind fwr lighting, and watching

_ w „ A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Maidstone

or guarding, a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing larging the Powers, of Two Acts, one paired in the 33d

Year

29° Martii.

273

fretition from the Mayor, &c. of King's Lynn, for repealing the Duties on Income,

Petition of Inhabitants of Warwick, for D®.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of , to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Krtatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Acts of Parliament now in force for imposing the Duties on Income, are, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, partial and oppressive: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleated to pass a Bill for repealing the said Acts.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read , Setting forth, That the Tax upon Income is, in its Operation, unequal, partial, and oppressive, inasmuch as the Incomes of Annuitants, the precarious Fruits of personal Industry, and the Profits of Trade (for the obtaining of which the Capitals employed are often exposed to urn-avoidable Hazard) are rated in the same Manner as Incomes arising from Landed or other permanent Property; and that it is destrudfive of the Morals of the People, by holding out Temptations to Fraud and Perjury; and that the inquisitorial Powers established for its Collection are vexatious, and degrading to Individuals, and utterly repugnant to the Principles of a free Constitution: And therefore praying the House, That the Tax upon Income may be wholly repealed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Account of , Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an on"^ p«r1Ved Account of the Sums received at the Exchequer, upon Cent! Duty, the Duty of 4-and-i per Centum, from the 5th January rdered. 1785 to the 5th January 1801; distinguishingeachYear.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ide^ofDogs^ Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re-Canai, &cf port which was made from the Committee, to whom the

Petition.- Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Duty, pre- An Account of the Grols Amount, Charges, and Net

fcnted. Produce, of the 4-and-j- per Centum Duty, from ift

January 1785 to ill January 1801; together with an Account of all Sums charged on those Duties which remained unsatislied on the 5th of April 1801, and payable by the I lufband; and of the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof: And also,

1 An Account of all Sums charged on the Duties of

4-and-per Centum, payable at the Exchequer, which remained unsatished on the 5th of 1801; together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof: And also,

VOL. 57.

An Account of the Sums received in the Exchequer, upon the Duty of 4-andper Centum, from the 5th of January 1785 to the 5th of January 1801; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House. *

The said Accounts are infected in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 44 1

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported 1018 Re-_ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the <1 Bill to continue several A his of the last Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

o y

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. *

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report Sup-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, port of That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred Twenty-six Dublin. Pounds and Two Pence Sterling, being Seven Hundred Eighty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the F.xpence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Public That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Seven Hun- offender*, dred and Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings Sterling, being One Thousand Eight Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Criminal That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand Three Rroftcut, ons* Hundred and Seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings Sterling, being Eighteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds and Four Pence Irifi Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge which may probably be incurred in the Office of Solicitor for Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceedings in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Proclaim-That a Sum, not exceeding-Four Thousand Eight hun- tions, &c. dred Sixty-five Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence Farthing Sterling, being Five Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy Pounds and Ten Shillings Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of, Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Public oiEce*. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence Three Farthings Sterling, being Fourteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Pounds Nine Shil-

4 A lings

29* Martii.

A. 1802.

Treasury.

Offices for Records.

©old Mine.

Battle-A^e Guards*

Dublin

Society*

Ditto.

Farming

Society.

Society for promoting English Pro-teitant Schools

lings and Eight Pence Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Difbui foments, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in and for I refund, and for the Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Purluivants and Extra Me Hungers attending the said Offices, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds lrijlt Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Incidental Expences of the Board of Treasury in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Three Pounds and Seventeen Shillings Sterling, being Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds and One Penny Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of building further Offices for the Records of Ireland, and to dil'charge Sums due for building the Courts of Justice, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied by the Commissioners of the Treasury in Irelandfworking His Majesty's Gold Mine in the County of , for the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Eighty-three Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling, being Seven Hundred and Forty Pounds Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of cloathing the Battle-Axe Guards in Ireland, from the ift Day of December 1802 to the ift Day of June 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Eight Hundred and Seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Four Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, in -land, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand One Hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being Three Thousand, Three Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Haivkins Street, and Botanic Garden at GlaJJhevin, or other Purposes of the said Society, with the Approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge to be incurred by the Farming Society of Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Five Hundred and Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Fourteen Thousand Six Hundred and Thirty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for

defraying the Charge of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in 6

land, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Thirteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds and Two Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being One Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors Children in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the jth Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Two Hundred and Forty Pounds and One Farthing Sterling, being Three Thousand Five Hundred and Ten Pounds Irijli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hundred Sixty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling, being Four Thousand Five Hundred and Twelve Pounds and One Penny Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Six Thousand Pounds and One Penny Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirteen Thousand One Hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Three Farthings Sterling, being Fourteen Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of l'upporting the House of Industry for Relief of the Poor in , for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Fifty-three Pounds. Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Six Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Three Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan House near Dublin, for maintaining, cloathing, educating, and apprenticing, deserted Female Children, for Nine Months, ending the 5 th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Two Thousand and Twenty-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fitting up and supporting a

Penitentiary

Founctliwg

Hospiul.

Marine Nursery for Sailor* Children.

School for

Soldiers

Children.

Westmorland

Lock Hospital.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

House of Industry.

Society for promoting the Christian Religion.

Female Orphan House.

Pen ? tertiary House*

275

Penitentiary, or House of Reform, in , for Young Criminals, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Ifime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bill for pre- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon pencem^M> ¥iiefday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the tioiu, de- Bill to repeal lb much of an Act, made in the 7th and

*"* 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge apd Expence " in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament, and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

of Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; re?P°c?in&C' Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Civil Liit[ Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the

icfcrred. several Accounts presented to this House, respecting

H is Majesty's Civil List, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, presented to this House, of the Estimated Charge of His Majesty's Civil Lilt, from the Year 1786 to the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, and now before the House, respecting His Majesty's Civil List, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon W Mom-

deftrred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on TuesdayMorning, adjourned till this Morning^ Eleven of the Clock.

Vol. 57.

Mart is, 30* die Ma;

Anno 42° Georgii III'" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Alrewas and improving, certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds* within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Williames V aughanreported from the Com- Rhos-hir* rtiittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Inclosure Bill, doling, a Titift of Common and Waste Lands, called reported. Rhos-hir-waun, situate in the several Parishes of Aber-daron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of

Carnarvon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, lo far as relates to the Notices having been affixed upon the Church Doors of each of the said Parishes, on Sunday the 13th Day of September last; but that no Notices were affixed on any of the said Church Doors upon either of the Two following Sundays, owing to a large Mob having assembled for the Purpose of obstructing the Person who went to affix the said Notices, and which Person was, by Force and Threats, obstructed from lo doing; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Tenements having Right of Common of the Annual Value of £. 106. 55. 6 who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Ownters of Tenements of the Annual Value of £. 99. 10 6

who were neuter; and also, except the Owners of 33 Cottages, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 9 Cottages, who were neuter; and that the whole Annual Value of Tenements having Right of Common, amounts to £.2,497. 17J. 10 and the whole Number of Cottages is 166; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table > Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That' the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to Newent Road* whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike ^ported. Road from a Place called 'The Crown Hill, in the Town committed, of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Nezvnham, in the County of Gloucester-, and also, another Road, leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Nezvent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

v

276 3°° Martii. 1802.

wards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sligo Paving Mr. O'Hara presented to the House, according to jud Horbour Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made prciuited. in the 3d Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours,

" and Rivers, of the City of and of the Towns of " Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and BelfaJI, and for erecting " a Ballad OlHce in each of the said Cities and each of " the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages,

" in the Town of Sligo, in the county of ; for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof;" and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Runham A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and

inclosure and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Com-committed.1 mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Run-ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Jacob AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Crofton Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee,

Inclosure to whom the Petition of John Earl of

reported. and the humble Petition of Sir Henry IVHfon, Knight,

Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had nut been complied with, the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Estates, not having resolved to apply to Parliament for a Bill for the Inclosure thereof until the Time for giving Notices, agreeably to such Standing Orders, was elapsed; but that all the Parties interested in the Inclosure had. given their Consent to the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'l'o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Browne being examined, laid, That there are, within the said Parish of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York, certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, which lie dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and certain specific Allotments or Portions thereof let out to the several Owners and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein, it would be of great Advantage to them. — And the Witness added. That it will be attended with great Loss to the Petitioners, and the said other Proprietors, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in this present Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petition of*

City of Neiv Sarum, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, s.mim, n. That the late Harvest has been most abundant through- jfectl"^.,be

.0 "nee of

out the Realm, but the Price of Bread is llill very high; Grain, and that the Poor have, from an Idea of Scarcity, borne their Distress, during the Two last Winters, with the greatest Patience; but that, in the midst of Abundance, it would be cruel to suffer our Fellow Creatures to be reduced to the Want of what Providence hath lo amply bellowed; and that Efforts have been made to ascertain the Stock of Grain in the Country, and, through the Medium of the Clergy, Means have been used to ascertain the Number of Acres lown in the present Year with each Sort of Grain, in order to form some Calculation of what further Provision might be necessary for the Consumption of the People; but, instead of answering this plain and unexceptionable Question, a great Proportion of the Farmers have made no Return whatever, and many of the Returns which have been made are fallacious and unsatisfactory; and that, under thele Circumstances, the Petitioners are induced to think it would be expedient that Legislative Means should now be adopted for the Purpose of obtaining the necessary Information, in order to the Adoption of Measures which the present Emergency may appear to require:

And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall leern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petition of City of New Sarum, in Common Council assembled, & was presented to 'the House, and read; Setting forth, Sarum, to re-That the Petitioners, with the rest of their Fellow Subjects, finding themselves aggrieved by the vexatious Regulations and Operation of the Tax on Income, beg Leave to represent the same to the House; and that, if they do not particularize the partial Eftefts of it, and the disagreeable Situation they, in common with the rest of the Kingdom, are subjected to by the Powers of the said Act, it is because they would not wound the Feelings of the House, being well convinced that the House are fully aware of the Arguments which may be justly used to induce them to accede to this their Petition: And therefore praying, That the House will immediately take the same into their Consideration, and repeal the said Tax.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report rela-further Consideration the Report which was made from ll^orcouaty the Committee, who were appointed to consider of giving Bridges, Powers to Justices of the Peace for the more effectually repairing County Bridges, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Resolutions of the Committee were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Shaiv Lefevre and Lord Granville Leveson Goiver do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for extending the Time for the Payment of B!I1 for Rel:rf certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to connected* several Persons connected with, and trading to, the with Grenada, Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, w s, according to c?m' Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report on Isle Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Older, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to cohfider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be authorized to direct any Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds, to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund to the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied for the Purposes of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more commodious, and for better regulating the Port " of London," l'uch Sum to be re-paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at out of the

Monies to aril'e by the Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which, having been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, are not wanted to be used or employed therein-, so far as the same will extend, and the Remainder thereof, if any, out of the Monies to arise by the Rates granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Success'ors, in and by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Tonnage Duty granted and made payable to His Majesty, in and by the said Act, be continued until the Whole of the Monies advanced and to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Purposes expressed in the said Act, with Interest for the lame, shall be re-paid to the said Fund.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second . Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Sir John William Anderson, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lri<h The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue several Acts of

Biui^passed. the5 Ed Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the bettor Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire* their Concurrence.

ClccWieaton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several coramittaf'11' Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Di-vision or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scho/es, in the Manor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlall, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Lascelles, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

VOL. 57.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition of Bradford Navigation, was presented to the House, and'^ read; Reciting an Act, passed in the 11th Year of the Company, for Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable J-^ve to pre-

_ 0 yr _ J ,rJ 1; y 1 itntaPetition,

Cut or Canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and rtipCaing Liverpool Canal at WindhilI,in the Township of Llie, in fC!'rr:|n the County of York, whereby certain Persons were ir.- m 1'iortma n-corporated by the Name of " The Company of Pro-<l prietors of the Bradford Navigation," v\ ith full Pov. or and Authority to purchase Lands for the Use of the said Navigation, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute ot Mortmain; and Setting forth. That, in making and executing the said Cut or-Canal, and in order to supply the same with Water, the said Company of Proprietors have found it necessary to purchase certain Mills and Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the said County, particularly described in the said Petition; and that, in order to supply the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country with Lime for Building, and for Agriculture, the said Company have built and purchased certain Kilns and Premises used for the burning of Lime Stone into Lime, all which said Mills, Estates, Limekilns-, and Premises, have been conveyed to, or in Trull for, the said Company of Proprietors; and that Doubts have arisen with respect to the Legality of the said Company of Proprietors having purchased, or caused to be purchased, the said Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands, and Estates, and whether the same have not now become forfeited to the Crown by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain; and that His Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify His Intention of waiving all Benefit of the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all Claims in respect thereof; and that the said Company of Proprietors are solicitous that the said Doubts may be removed, and that the said Messuages,

Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, and Estates, may be veiled in Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the respective Tenures upon Trulls thereof, to be declared discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes or Laws of Mortmain; and that the' Petitioners are aware that the Time limited for prefen ting Petitions for bringing in Bills of a private Nature is elapsed, but that the Matters Hated by the Petitioner's having been, for some Time, under the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Petitioners have been thereby prevented from complying with the Rules of the House, with respect to the Time of presenting Petitions; and that the Petitioners v/ould suffer great Loss, and be put to great Inconvenience, was the Application to be deferred till the next Session;

And therefore praying. That, on Account of the special Circumstances of the Cafe, Leave may be given to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the said County, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein to be declared, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain; and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leive given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Petition the Bradford Navigation, being offered to be presented p'eienud-to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

4 B That

278

30° — 31" Martii.

A. 1802-

Committee appointed to prepare Militia Estimate.

Committee appointed to prepare Estimate of Allowances to Militia Otiicers.

Report

Supply.

To di scharge Debts on Civil tilt

Henley Bridge and Culham Bridge Roads Bill, presented.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Bradford and Calvin the said County, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein, to be declared discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain j and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Henry

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare ah Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year 1802:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committe be appointed to prepare' an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committe of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had dircifted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Ninety Thousand and Fifty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List on the 5th Day of January 1802.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31° Mar tii;

Anno 42* Georgii III'" Regis, 1802. Praters.

MR. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, paflbd in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Hoads therein described, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of ( xford., to Dorchester Bridie, and from thence to Culham

S

Bridge, and a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Drope Gough, William Macey, Petition in Richard Garrard, and Richard Buckland, Four of His coroners Fee* Majesty's Coroners acting in and for the County of O.v- Bin. ford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office; and praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, Dundee TVo granted by several Acts, for laying aDutv of Two Pennies nits rStjot* Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and 1 'pal e vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberty and Suburbs thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dnndas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Petition of tition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose ownersof1*1 Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors Carnarvon, of Estates, and Occupiers of Farms and Lands, on or &c*

adjoining, and near to, the present Turnpike Road lead- if^} ing from Carnarvon, through the Towns of Bdngor and Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, to the Town of Llanrwfl, in the County of Denbigh; and of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, pe fled in the 17 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Cafn Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Carnarvon, to the Town of Pwllheli, in the same County, and also for repairing the Roads from Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the bighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Come ay and Saint Asaph at a Place called Sarny Mynech, and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway at the Village of Aber, over y ddwyfaen Mountain to Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrwfl, in the County of Denbigh-, and also of several of the Creditors or Persons who have advanced Money upon the Tolls granted by the said Acts; and also of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses situate in and near to the said Roads, and to the said 'fawns of Carnarvon, Bangtfr, and Conway, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaetlnvy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of in the County of Denbigh-, and Setting forth. That several of the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Estates and Lands on or adjoining, and near to, the pre- ' sent Turnpike Road leading from Carnarvon to Llanrwfl aforesaid, and also Owners and Proprietors of Estates and Lands on, or adjoining to, and near the additional Turnpike Road proposed by the said Bill, and through iodic of which Estates and Lands the last mentioned Road is intended to pass and be made, and that they conceive the said intended Road to be wholly unnecessary, and would be prejudicial to their respective Properties and

Interestsi

Interests; and that the said intended Turnpike Road will pass through a barren Country, which is but thinly inhabited, and where very little Aid can be derived from Statute Labour towards keeping the same in Repair, and, by leading over a mountainous Tract will be impassable during great Part of the Year, particularly in any Severity of Weather; and that the Distance from Llandegai to Pentre Voelas, by or along the said intended

Road, will be upwards"of 24 Miles, and that there is no Town or Accommodation for Travellers in the intermediate jSpa*?e, except by a Angle Public House at

Cerrig-, anff that the Petitioners, the said Trustees and Creditors, conceive that the Funds of the present Road, under the Care of the said Trustees, and upon which the Petitioners the Creditors have advanced conGderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, will be greatly diminished, and the Value of the Securities for the same much lessened, if the additional Road proposed by the said Bill should take place, as the Tolls arising from the present Road will then be insufficient to keep the same in Repair, and to pay the Interest on the Sums so advanced, whereby the Creditors will be damnified, and many of them ferioully inconvenienced, if not utterly ruined; and that the Petitioners, the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in and near the said Town of Conway, will be greatly injured by a Decrease in the Value of their Estates and Properties; and that the Market, which is at present a considerable one, as well as the Trade and Business of that Town, will be diminished in case the Turnpike Road proposed by the said Bill should take place: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, if they tiiink proper, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

4

lanercoft An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-

IaffedUreBiH* *n&> Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in Iu ‘ the Manors of Troddermain, WIV, and

Lanercojl, all in the Parish of in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of ‘Troddermain, Walton Wwd, and Lanercoft, all

in the Parish of Lanercoft, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Weston tn<l Mr. Dickius reported from the Committee, to whom indofU^Bii? t^)e Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open xported. and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland, and Sutton Bajfett, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder-written, being Proprietors of Lands, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Town-ship and Hamlet of Sutton Bajfett, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That tl;e Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the

Vol. 57.

Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Yard-Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 9 Yard-Lands, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 74 Yard-Lands); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Re- Barnfley Road port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for conti- Bill> reported, nuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnftey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crv/s; and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Peter De Sails, Esquire, Lord of the Petition of

Manor of Dawley, otherwise Dally, in the Parish of Ha','!' Harlington, in the County of Middlesex, and of the several mondsworth other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inclosure Bill, being Owners of Commonable Lands and Common Rights in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Har-mondsworth, Harlington, and Cranford, in the County of Middlesex; and Setting forth, That the Commonable Lands in the Parish of Harlington aforesaid, are included as Part of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, although the Commonable Lands in that Parish are separated and detached from the Commonable Linds in the other Parishes of Harmondfworthand Cranford aforesaid, and

although the Lord of the said Manor of Dawley, otherwise Dally (within which said Manor Part of the Wastes are situated) dissents from the said Bill, and more than One-Half, and nearly Two-Thirds, both in Number and Value, of the Proprietors of the Commonable Lands and Common Rights in Harlington aforesaid, difient from the same being comprized in the said Bill; and tl at the said Bill contains many Allegations, Powers, and Provisions, highly injurious to the Rights and Interests, Estates and Properties, of the Petitioners: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the Allegations, Powers,

and

a8o

31° Martii. . 1802«

and Provisions, of the said Bill, may he lb altered and amended, as not to extend to or affect the Parish of Hurling ton aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Inc'omreB'tl *nSro^'C1^ Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

jilted. and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stretford's Bridge Roads decommitted Petition, reported.

Mr. William Lay lor reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition' of the fe-Veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing certain Acts for the Repair of the Roads thereinafter mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except inafmueh as relates to the transferring of the Road from the Watling Street Road, in a Place called The Long Lane, to a Place called The New Inn, in the County of Salop, to the Trustees of the Bijl/op Cajl/e Turnpike, on which Part of the Petition it is not meant to proceed; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: \V1 ktc the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the gad Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of IVinf onflow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymfrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road trom Mortimer's Cross to Aymfrey Bridge-, also, an Act, passed in the a ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of t he laid Ad, were read: — And,

Mr. Edward RolfonWard being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by, or by virtue of, the said recited Acts, have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Iloads, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, altered, and repaired, unless the Term by the said Acts granted and continued, is enlarged, and the Powers and Provisions thereof are altered, varied, and amended, and the Tolls incrcaled: That the Road from Wigmore, through Pay to,

to the New Inn, which is Part of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Acts, being nearly parallel with the other Road therein described, from Wigmore to the New Inn aforesaid, the Petitioners conceive it is not necessary that the same should be continued under their Care, and it is expedient that they should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening

" the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County " of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Winftan-

flow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from " Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey,

" in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing much " of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, as relates to the Mor-

" timer's Cross to Aymstrey BridgeAnd that Mr.

William Taylor, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee Report appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- j^£‘snrs piring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and who were inltruded to enquire what temporary Laws, of a public and general Nature, which have been made by the Parliaments of England, or of Great Britain, or of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, are now in Force, distinguishing the Matter of each such Statute, its Date, Title, and Period of Continuance; and also, what Laws of such a Description palfed by the English, British, Irish, or United Parliaments, have expired between the nth Day of November 1800 and the ill Day of January 1802, inclusive; distinguishing to

what Parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and also, what Laws of such a Description are about to expire within Twelve Months from the ill of January 1802, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, or before the 31st Day of July 1803, or in consequence of any contingent Event, distinguishing in like Manner to what Parts of the United Kingdom the said Laws respectively relate; and that they do report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That lire said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Bill for the more effectually discinguishing and re- Poor Relief lieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regula- comroitted. tion of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards, was, according to Order, read a Second 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Day appointed for Second Reading of Bangor Roads Bill.

Petition of the Lord Mayer, fed. 6f V Loridon, for repealing the Tax oh Incline.

Petition of Freeholders of Middlesex, for D®.'

Ordered, That the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly fit>m, P'orthaethiity Ftr bthfcVwile called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Idknifydd, ih tile County of Denbigh, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of Dondoh, attended at the Door; they Were called

in , and, at the Bar, presented to the HoUte,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, conceiving the Tax upon Income, when fir& pfopoi'cd, to be of a partial and uhcohftitutional Tendency, declared, at that Time, their decided Difap-probation of the Measur; and that the Experience of Three Years has not Only justified that Opinion, but the Evils and Inconveniencies reliilting therefrom have greatly exceeded the Apprehensions they then entertained; and that the Petitioners have hitherto fotborhe to complain to the House of the mahy Grievances they have suffered, trusting that the House, intending this as a temporary Import only, would have embraced the earliest Opportunity of relieving the Nation from so opprefliVe, intolerable, and unprecedented a Mode of Taxation; and that, no Steps havirtg been taken by the House towards the Repeal of the said Tax, the Petitioners beg Leave to fepresent to the House some of the many Evils which have arisen, and which tnuft necessarily relult in a Com-frtercial Country, from the delulive Principle, and the hkrrafling and degrading Operation of such an Import; ttftd that the said TaX, bearing no just Proportion to the Property of Individuals, and making no Discrimination between the Income arising from fluctuating and pre-tarious Sources, and the fixed and permanent Income derived from Landed and Eunded Property, falls with Accumulated and accelerating Force upon the Middle Clafres of Society, who have, during a long and calamitous War, sustained the heaviest Burthens, and lub-Ifiitted to the greatest Deprivations; and that the said Tax, by its Operation on those whose Incomes could bear little or no Diminution, has necessarily occasioned a rapid and excessive Advance on all the Articles of Consumption, and thereby reduced to Poverty and Dirtrels many who have heretofore supported their Families with Comfort and Independence; and that the said Tax, by vesting an arbitrary and inquisitorial Power in the Hands of Commissioners, from whose Decision there is no Appeal, subjects the Petitioners to a degrading and humiliating Difelofure of their private and commercial Transactions, which may be attended with the most fatal Consequences to their Credit and Happiness, is l'ubverfive of that Spirit of Independence so necessary to the Security of a free State, and establishes a dangerous and alarming Innovation upon the genuine Pri nciplesof the British Constitution; and that the said Tux, by 'the Multiplication of Oaths, and the various Inducements it holds out to Evasion and Perjury, tends to destroy all Respect for Morality, and to introduce a total Diiregard to the moil; solemn Obligations; and that, from the Consideration of the Objections both to the Principle and Operation of the said Tax, the Petitioners are decidedly of Opinion, that the Nature of it is such as to preclude all Hope of rendering it just or equitable, either by Amendment or Modification: And therefore praying, That the House will take thel'e Matters into their most serious Consideration, and grant the Petitioners Relief, by an immediate Repeal of the said Tax.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of dle jer., assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to Rate to the House some of the Grievances they are sub-

Vol. 57-

je&ed to, by die partial and unequal Operation <?f the Tax upon Income, and which, in their Judgment, have necessarily and unavoidably resulted irorn the fame; and that the said Tax? by levying a Contribution upon Income derived ftOm Trade, Frofeflions, Annuities, and other precarious and terminable Sources, in the lathe Proportion as the certain and fixed Incojne fcrifing front Landed and Permanent Property, is highly grievous and oppressive, and incompatible with a just and equitable Principle of Taxation; and that, by- the Operation of the said Tax, the Petitioners are subjected (aS if in a State of Insolvenvy) to the most degrading and ignominious State of the Bankrupt Laws, being compelled to difdofe every Year to Commissioners, who may be their Rivals ih Trade, or with Whom they may be engaged ih Commercial Tranlafrions, not only the Sources from whence they derive their Income, but the various Changes and Fluduations that Income may undergo; and that, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the Establishment of such an Inquisition is diametrically oppo-lite to the Principles of our ancient and free Constitution, subversive of the Liberties of the People, and repugnant to the Feelings of Englillimeh; and that the said Tax, by holding out continual Inducement to Deception, and by rendering it advantageous to be guilty of Perjury, has a manifell Tendency to discountenance and dellroy all Respect for Religion and Morality; and that thele Grievances, originating as well in the Principle as the Operation of the said Tax, absolutely preclude the Pofli-bility of rendering it equitable, just, or tolerable, either by Amendment or Modification-: And therelore praying the House to take thele Matters into their serious Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners Relief, by in immediate Repeal of the said Tax.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Burdon reported From the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Greathead, of South Shields, in the County of Durham, Boat Builder, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with tire Appendix, be printed, as shall be fulfi-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this SclTion.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, lor taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow Morning, the Report which was made from the Committee appointed toconsiderof the State of the Corn Trade between Great Britain and and report tire

fame, with their Observations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, might be read.

CJ

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That''the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Reforved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre pvefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the Building and Repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

4 C Ordered,

Mr. Great-head's Petition, respecting his Invention of a Life Boat, reported.

Report on Corn Trade, referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Bill relative to repairing of County Bridges, presented.

28 a 31° Martii-

Voices to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee oo Committee, to whom the Petition of James Carmichael Petidon^ Smyth, M. D. is referred.

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Revenues of* P°^» That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire the Duchy of what Sums of Money have been received, and by whom, Cornwall, and under whose Authority, from the Revenues of the uper Duchy of Cornwall., during the Period from the Birth

of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales until His Royal Highness attained the Age of Twenty-one Years; and how the lame, and every Part thereof, have been applied; and also, to take an Account of the several Sums of Money which have been advanced to His Royal Highness up to the 27th Day of June 1795, inclusive, for the Payment of the Debts of His Royal Highness, then incurred;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Year, General" ] r6o.

TeUersfor theN^{^S/"''«». } ro3.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

t^hcr Orders And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, o Uie ay for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning deferred. next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-deterred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox have leave to make a Motion, it being near Twelve of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Petition of A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty WtSerf of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

for repealing And the said Petition was brought up, and read; income °n Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel themselves heavily opprelfed by the Tax which is charged upon Income, not only by the Nature and Extent of the Burthen itself, but by the vexatious Measures which are employed in its Collection; and that it is destructive of the Confidence which happily subsisted among the People, as well as of their Morals, by the Temptation which it holds out to Misrepresentation and Perjury, while, by the Check on private Credit, it dries up the Sources of Industry and Trade; and that its Tendency has been, by its peculiar. Nature, more than that of any other Tax, to advance the Price of all the Necessaries of Life, as well as of all the Materials of Manufacture, and that, though it has been inefficient to the Object for which it was imposed, it has been most afflicting, and even intolerable, in its Operation; and that a Tax, which requires the most rigorous secret Inquisition into the private Affairs of the Subjects of these Kingdoms as ' the M c".ns of Collection, cannot be made compatible with ti:e Spirit and Practice of Constitution;

and the Petitioners conceive that no Modification of furli a Principle can reconcile it with their Rights and P:vileges: And therefore praying the House to take the several ACb, charging a Duty upon Income, into th 'ir Consideration; and that they will be pleased to rcpr.'.i the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i* Aprilis. A. 1802.

Jovis, 1* die Aprilis \

Anno 42* Georgii III. H Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

SIR John Callander reported from the Committee, Durham and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Berwick^ executing an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign Bridges'1 of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Petition, Turnpike Road at Buckton Burnin the County of rePomi* Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also an Act, made in the 29th Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, lo far as respects the Insertion in the Newspapers of the Counties in which the Roads are situate, and the next adjoining Counties, and so far as respects the affixing the Notices on the Sessions House Doors of the Town and Borough of Berwick, and of Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick; but that the Standing Orders had not been complied with, lo far as respects the affixing the Notices on the Sessions House Door at Durham, because the Person who, on Tuesday the 6th of was going to affix the Notice on the Sessions House Door on the Wednesday following, was informed, for the first Time, that the General Quarter Sessions for the County of Durham (which had been for many Years held on the Wednesday in the Week appointed by the Statute) were altered from Wednesday the 7th of October to Monday the 5th of October; and that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, lb far as respects one of the Bridges mentioned in the Petition, because it was not at that Time intended to build more than one Bridge; but it was afterwards found, that, as it would be necessiuy to shut up or discontinue the Passage by Fords acrois the River Tweed, in several Places, on both Sides of the Bridge, the Inhabitants of the Country living at considerable Distance on each Side of the Bridge, would be put to great Inconvenience by being obliged to travel a considerable Distance to pass along the said Bridge; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. William Willoughby being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned; that, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said ACb, they have borrowed several Sums, amounting in the Whole to nearly £. 8,000, which have been duly applied to the Purposes of the Roads under the Management of the Trustees; that the said Sums so borrowed are still due and unpaid; that the several Terms granted by the said Acts, and the additional Term granted by the General Turnpike Act, are nearly expiring; and that, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Two Acts are altered and enlarged, and the Tolls collected by virtue thereof augmented, the several Sums now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair. — And the Witness being further examined, laid, That the Communication between the

Country,

42 Geo. III. i° Aprilis. 283

Country, on the South and North Sides of the River . Tweedy is at present inconvenient and dangerous, from the want of a Bridge or Bridges over the said River, in feme intermediate Situations at or near the Town of Norham, in the County of Durham, to the Parish of Lady Kirk, in the County of Berwick, and the other from the said Parish of Norham, at or near a Ford or Place called New Water Ford, to the Parish of Hutton, in the said County of Berwick; and for making proper Roads therein respectively. — And the Witness added. That it would be expedient to consolidate the said Two Acts into One Act.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Petition of A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole Names are Conway,0 thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, lUnrwtf, See. and Occupiers of Farms and Lands, on, or adjoining to, an^ near» Prc^ent Turnpike Road leading from Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, through the Town of Llanrwjl, in the County of Denbigh, to,

in the Parish of Llanufydd in the same County, and of several of the Trusteesior carrying into Execution a certain Act, passed in the 36th Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh; and also, the Petition of several of the Creditors, or Persons who have advanced Money upon the Tolls granted by the said Act, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses situate in, or near to, the said Towns of Llanwrjl and Conway, was presented to the House, and read; Taking . Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping-in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Petitre Voelas, in the Parish of Uanhfydd, in the County of Denbigh; and containing the same Allegations as the Petition which was Yesterday presented to the House, from certain. Land Owners of Carnarvon, Bangor, &c.: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, againfr the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel or Agents, againfr the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, againfr the said Petition.

Comerictshire Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to

Coal Canal whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors committedre' ^ie Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and Bill, alter the Lines of the iaid Canal; to raile Money for

reported. completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and

amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts, passed for making the said Canal, was-re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, and of the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough and Town of , in the County of Wilts; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed -him

V u l. 57.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Swinfcoe Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, commuted.* within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Lord Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open, west Horsley Common, Arable Reid, Commons, and Waste Lands, inclosure Bill, within the Parish and Manor of Horsley, in the comnutte County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RuJJ'ell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Report on the 24th Day of March last, was made from the Com- canaMiiu, mittee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, further con-passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, intituled, fid*rvdAn Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County " of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chesterand also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended " Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coke, Culm, lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts, passed relative to the making of the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House, accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Asheton Smith reported from the Committee, to Longp*rifli whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reports!! BU1* Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythingsof West Aston otherwise West and Middleton, in the Parish of Long Parish, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their C°nfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that-the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

to

Aftiby-de-la-7ajuch Road Petition, reported.

Member

added to bring in Kollefton Inclosure Bill.

J.enve granted for Notice* rc ipedfing

('i often Indolurc.

Cda^ow ( hiu h Petition, repoi ud.

i ° Aprilis.

.<&, 1802.

to report to the House; ind he read'tl\e Report in his Place*, and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then -a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrbfled.

Lord George Augvjlus Henry reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several of the Trustees and Mortgagees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 2 6 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from m

the County of Leieejhr, through ih

the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, at Tut bury, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Rills,- had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report life fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and also an Act, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, Were read: — And,

Mr. John Dickenson Fowler being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greatest Part of which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Terrtl and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in

the County of Leicester, through in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tut bury, in the said County: And that Lord George Henry

Cavendish, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, and Sir Edward Littleton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Long be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Rolleston, in the County of Stafford.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Tuesdaylaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Earl of Wand tire humble Petition of Sir Henry Wilson, Knight, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given on the Door of tire Parish Church of Crop ton. in the West Hiding of the County of for Three Sundays in the present Month of April and in the Month of May next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Subscribers, Heritors of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, within the Sheriffdom of

5

Lanark, and of the Mihiftfer of the said'tB^rony Parilja, with Concurrehce of the Presbytery was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and had directed him to report tfye feme, ais it appeared to them, to the House; and Ire read the Report-in his Place,; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wasfead; and is 3s followeth; 'viz.5 *, .;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Hopkirk being examined, said,. That the Glebe belonging to the Benefice of the said Parish, ^'Contiguous to the City and Burgh of; and, by the

: Ibcrease of the said City, and jDerbarid: fpT Ground for the Purpose of Building, it would be of Advantage to the Community, and to the Minister of the said Parish, and <of future Incumbents, that the Glebe belonging thereto.

was converted into Building Ground, and Streets and:

.Passages were open through the same. . - '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for feuing the Glebe of tire Parish of the Barony of ,1

in the County of Lanark: And that Mr, William '

Dundas, Sir John Stuart, and Sir Gdo prepare, and bring in, the fenre. "; '

Sir James Hamlyn presented to the House, according to Kidwelly Order, a Bill for continuing, the Term, and altering and Road BjU» enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 5th and pre ent 19th Years of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for ref-pairing, widening; and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the feidlDiftrift; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called

ar-Gwilly, to a Bridge called Pont-aand from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan: And thfc feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Taylor presented to the House, according srretford'* to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering B % e Roads and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st prefcn'ted. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

" An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn

" in the Parish of Winftanftow, in the County of Salop;

" and a/fo the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, toAymeftrey, in the said County of Hereford;

" and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the *

" second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as " relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross, to Aymeftrey " Bridge:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, Roiiefton a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Inclosure Bill, mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of , Prelented-

in the County of Stafford: And the same was received^; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Osborn reported from the Committee, to whom Kempfton the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open inclosure Bill, and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Com- reporte monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempfton, in the County of Bedford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Edwards, Esquire, of Nanhorn, in the County of Carnarvon, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo-

lure.

42 Geo. III.

1° Apri

285

Report on

Rhoi-hir-eaun Inclosure Bill, further conil-dered.

sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 108 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who refuted to lign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of 176 Acres, who were neuter; and that the YVhole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 2,601 Acres and 1 Rood); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called situate

in the several Parishes of Aand

Bryncroes, in the County of , was committed,

and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving His Majesty's Right to Minerals,

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee on Parish Apprentices Bill.

Instruction.

Reported.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to require the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding " and receiving of Poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the " Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement " of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry " within such Hundreds or Districts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the said Act to Houses of Industry, and to Houses for the Reception of the Poor, that have been established since the passing of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frere took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frere reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Frere accordingly reported from the said Com-Vol. 57.

tnittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pur- Accounts suant to their Orders, presented s

An Account of the Gross Assessment and Net Pro- income Duty, duce of the Income Duty in Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801; distinguishing the Charges of Collection, and Deductions; and distinguishing the Returns made to Commercial Commissioners: And also,

An Account of the Grols Assessment for the Year i>. ending the 5th of April 1801; distinguishing the Number and Amount of Assessments on the several Rates of Payment on Income below £. zoo a Year, from £. 200 to/.500, from £.500 to £. 1,000, from £.1,000 to £.2,000, from £.2,000 to /. 5,000, and of /. 5,000 and upwards; and distinguishing Deductions for Children; And also,

An Account of the Number of Persons, and Amount of Income, in each of the Classes below £.200 a Year, from £.200 to /. 500, from £. 500 to £. 1,000, from /. 1,000 to /. 2,000, from £.2,000 to /. 5,000, and of £. 5,000 and upwards, calculated from the Assessments for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801: And also.

An Account of thp Grols Assessment upon Income, D». for the Year ending the 5th April distinguishing

England from Scotland; distinguishing the several Counties in England; and distinguishing the Number and

Amount of Assessments on Incomes below £.200 a Year, and from £. 200 a Year and upwards; and distinguishing the Returns to Commercial Commissioners:

And also.

An Account of the Loans advanced in Exchequer Grenada, fce. Bills and Calli to the Planters and Merchants interested Exg|'^ucr' in the Islands of Grenada and St. Vincent-, distinguishing the Dates of the several Advances, the Dates of the several Periods at which the same were to be re-paid, the Dates to which such Re-payments were poltponed; and also, the Amount of the Sums which have been re-paid, with the respective Dates of such Re-payments: And also, '

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Public Britain, as the same flood on the-ift February 1802; dif- Funded tinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is 1 created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, so far as the same can be ascertained; distinguishing also, the different Funds in which it is invested, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof. Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act, passed in the 26 th Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity of £. 1 per Centum per,

upon Capitals created since the 5th January 1793; distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable: And also.

An Account of the Progress made in the Redemption Redemptloa of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, to the ift of February 1802; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th January 1793, from those created since that Period; and specifying as to the Debt prior to the 5th January 1793, how much thereof has been-redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction

4 D cf

s86

i° — 2°\ April is. . 1802.

«>t tly, N.uio;ul Debt since the lft of 1 7S6; and at what Vvera-'c Price ot Stocks; and for what Sums of

o 9 m

Moiwv, and what Sums are now Annually applicable to the Induction thereof; with the like Particulars as to the Debt created tincc the $th January 1793; and fpc-cmi:g a!il>, the Amount of the Capital of the said Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland; the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners, by reason vi Lind-Tax redeemed prior to the said til: of February iSoa; and what further Annuities will fall in, and become applicable to, the Reduction of the National Debt.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

U) do cv/, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

OiJered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be futheient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Four tirft of the said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume*; the Fifth Ac-(No. 45.) count is preferred amongfh the other Papers of

this Session; and the Two last are also inserted in fx\o. 46.) the Appendix f.

Pi-iit?on of A Petition of the Electors and Inhabitants of the an-souduvark!° cient Town and Borough of Southwark, in Town Hall for moling assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Set-tJKTIa"Cumc ting forth, That the Petitioners have experienced the baneful Effects of the Income Tax, and beg Leave to represent the same to the House; and that they have found it to operate as an unjust Tax, in not making Dif-tinftion between Incomes derived from Trade or other precarious and fluctuating Sources, and those arising from Landed or Funded Property; unjust also in taxing the Profits of Labour (which likewise appears to the Petitioners very impolitic) and, as the honest Man is induced by his Principles, to contribute a larger Proportion than his less conlcientious Neighbour, it may be considered a Tax upon Integrity; and that the Petitioners further view the said lax as having a most pernicious Tendency, as, by offering the Temptation of pecuniary Advantage to Deception and Evasion, it undermines the Public Morals; and that the Petitioners consider this Tax as repugnant to the free Principles of the British Constitution, which they love and venerate, as it authorizes an inquisition in private Concerns, which many of them have opprcffively felt, and which they abhor; and that the Petitioners further view this Tax as definitive of the commercial Greatnefsof the Country; it is aTythe on the Produce of Capital and Industry, and mud con-liJerabiv diminish the Motives to the Employment of each, which have raised the Commerce of England to its present Eminence in the Scale of Nations; it blights rhote fir It Fruits of Industry from which, by successive Cultivation, our Country has reaped lb plenteous a Harvard: And therefore praying. That the House will take the said l ax into their moil serious Confederation, and grant a Repeal thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bit: for pre* A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 7th and 8ch Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

J v 111 . O t 9

Vr -:t iii tit tiled, 44 An Act for preventing Charge and Expence

cMi»;rmrcd. u in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,'* as relates to the ditabling of Persons offending against the same from faring in Parliament, and to make other and more clfeftual Provisions in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

iufolved, That the Bill be committed.

HejOiVedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of th.c whole 1 Joule.

Refdved* That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, reiblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts Accounts, which were presented to the House upon Monday lift, by Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tarty be printed, as Duties to be shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the pantCl1* House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 2® die Aprilis;

Anno 420 Georgii IIItli Regis, 1802*

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Answerof ceived from the Right honourable Lord Redefdale J^vot^of1 the following Letter, sent to him from Admiral the Thanki. Right honourable Lord Keith y in return to the Thanks of this House, transmitted to the said Admiral by the said Ix>rd Redefdale (then Sir John Mitford, Speaker of this House) in obedience to their Commands of the 12th Day of November last

His Majesty's Ship the Foudroyant %

Sir, Malta, 18th January 1802.

I have been honoured with your Letter of the 14th November, inclosing the unanimous Resolutions of the House of Commons, of the 12th of that Month, exprefi five of their Thanks to me, to Rear Admirals Sir Richard Bicker ton and Sir John Boriafe Warren, and to the Captains and Officers of the Fleet under my Command, for our Services on the Coast of Egypt; and also the House's Approbation and Acknowdedgment of the Services of the Seamen and Marines on Board the Ships and Vessels under my Command, and under that of Vice Admiral Rainier, which have been communicated by me to Rear-Admiral Sir Richard Bickertony and to such of the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines of the Fleet, who were employed on the Services referred to, as are now here; and I request that you will be pleased to assure the Honourable House, that this repeated Testimony of their Approbation is held by us all in distinguished Esteem.

I request, Sir, that you will accept my particular Acknowledgments for the flattering Ex pre (lions of personal Regard with which this acceptable Testimony of the House's Approbation has been accompanied; and that you will believe me to be, with the greateil Reipeft and Esteem,

Sir,

Your most obedient and

most humble Servant,

The Right honourable Sir John Keith.

Mitford, Speaker of the House of Commons, 8cc. &c. &c.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for Rhos-Mr-dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common and Waste Hands, called Rhos-hir-waun, situate in the oaffed. several Parishes of Aberdarony Llanfaelrhys, and Bry?tcroesy in the County of Carnarvon, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. William Dundas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rtfolvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhos-hir-

waun,

u-

42 Gr:o. III.

2° Hpri

287

Keyingham, &c. Dniinage and Navigation Petition, feported.

called Keyingham Haven, above, and near to, the aforesaid Place called No Mans Friend, and dischargin* the Waters from the Remainder of the said Paritlies, Townships, and Places, into the said River at a certain Place called Stone Creek; that Part of the main Drains hereinbefore described, extending from the aforesaid Creek or Haven called Stone Creek, into and through the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places of

waun, situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llan-

faelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Carnarvon.

Ordered, That Sir Robert WilliamesVaughan do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforcereported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of ERates in the several Parishes, ingham, Ryhill, Barfl wick, Halfham, and Roofs, to certain Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marfi, Places called Roofs Bridge and Carr Gate, are

and SalthaughRyhill, and Camerlon, Burfwick, Skeckling, and will be capable of admitting the Navigation of

Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Ozvf- Boats, and it may, at some Time hereafter, be thought

wick. Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunfall, Waxholme, Efternwick, beneficial to the said Low Lands and Carrs, and to the Lelley, Humbleton, Filling, Hilfon, Carton, Albrough, East- Proprietors thereof, to license and permit such Naviga-

Neiv/on, Etherdwick, Flinton, and Tauferne, within the tion, when a fufikient Majority in Value of the said Low

Seigniory of Holdentefs, in the EaR Riding of the County Grounds and Carrs shall, by some sufficient Deed or of York, was refeiged; That the Committee had exa- InRrument, declare their Consent thereto. — And the mined, and found that the Standing'Orders of the Witness added. That, in order to obtain a perfect and House, relative to Drainage Bills, have been complied beneficial Drainage of the Low Grounds, Carrs, and with ;.and that such Part of the Petition as relates to Lands aforesaid, it is necessary that the said Act should Navigation, is not within the Standing Orders of the be repealed, and that new Powers should be granted for House, relative to Navigation Bills; and that the Com- effecting such Drainage, as well of the Lands and mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Grounds now comprized in the said Act, as the other

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, was read: — And,

Mr. William Ivefon being examined, said. That the Commissioners, nominated and appointed by and under the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execu-

Lands and Grounds above-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, of " Keyingham, Keyingham Marjk, Ryhill, and Camerton,

" Burfwick, and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgmont,

" Ottringham, Halfiam, Ozvflw Roofs, Rimfwell, " fall, Wax holme, E/fenrwick, Lelley, Humbleton,

" Hilfone, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tanferne,

" within the Seigniory of HolderneJ's, and EaR Riding " of the County of York," and to render more effec-

tion, but, by reason of divers Defects and Deficiencies tual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and in the said Act, and certain ReRridlions thereby im- Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and

posed on the said Commissioners, respecting the Con-firudlion and Situation of the Drainage Works, the same have been found to be ineffectual to fulfil the beneficial Purposes of the said Act; and that, by reason of the vafi Accretion of new Land between a certain Island or Place, heretofore an Island in the River Humber, called Sunk If and, and the Shores of the said Seigniory of Hol-

Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of the several Pa-riflies mentioned, or any of them, respectively: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Petition of the derness, extending from a Place called No Man's Friend, whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of for several Miles towards the River Humber, and now the Bradford Navigation, was referred; That the Company, respc£t-amounting to several Thousand Acres, and by reason mittee had examined, and found that the said Petition of the great and continual Increase of Mud and Warp in is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative Mortmain, the ancient Channel called Keyingham Haven, the Clough to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power reported. erected and built, in pursuance of the said Act, at the for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or aforesaid Place called No Man's Friend, is now so Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the choaked, warped, and lilted, as to be inadequate and Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, insufficient for the discharging of the Waters of the said and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared v Low Grounds and Carrs from the said Clough into the to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

viz.

said River Humber, and muR, in a short Time, be wholly loR: That the said Low Grounds and Carrs now are, and for some Years pafl have been, subject to be overflowed with Water, so as to be wholly unfit for the Purposes of Agriculture, to the great Damage and Loss of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and of the Public. Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the nth Year of the Reign of His present

— And the Witness being further examined, said. That there are very considerable Quantities of Land within the '.aid several Parishes, Townships, and Places, amounting to 2,000 Acres and upwards, capable of receiving Benefit from the said Drainage, over and above the Low Grounds and Carrs which are now included in the* said Act; and that the Drainage of all the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and other Lands, is capable of being made complete and effectual, by opening a certain ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, and discharging the Waters of certain of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, through the said ancient Drain called Hall Bridge Drain, into the River Humber, through, or near to, a certain Place called HedHaven, and by making a Deviation from the said ancient Channel or Haven \ 0 L. 57.

Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Wind-hill, in the Township of ld/e, in the County of York, was read: — And,

Mr. Samuel Hailfone being examined, said. That by the said Act, it was Enabled, that certain Persons therein named and thereby described, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they or the major Part of them, at any public Meeting, should nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, should be united into a Company for the better carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigation, Cut or Canal, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in the said Act sexpressed and laid down, and for that Purpose should be and become a Body Politic and Corporate,

288 2° Aprilis. A. i8oz.

porate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of Ground, called or commonly known by the Names of " the Bradford Navigation," in perpetual Succession, with The Upper Flatt and Lozver others ife The Gate Flatt a Common Seal, with full Power and Authority to pur- and Long Flatt, or by whatsoever other Name or Names chafe Lands for the life of the said Navigation, without the said Closes of Land, or either of them, were or was incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the called or known, situate, lying, and being in in

Statute of Mortmain; and divers Powers and Authorities the Township ot Idle, in the County of York, and late were, by the said Act, given for effecting the Furpoles were in the Tenure or Occupation of William,

aforesaid; that the said Cut or Canal hath long since his Alhgns, or Under Tenants, but then were in the been made and completed, and made navigable, to the Tenure or Occupation of , his Assigns, ot Under

great Benefit of the Public; that, in making and exe- Tenants; and also all the Tythes of Corn, Grass, Grain, cuting the said Cut or Canal, and in order to supply Hay, and Wool, and all other Tythes whatsoever Yearly the same with Water, the said Company of Proprietors coming, growing, or renewing in or upon the said Closes have found it necessary to purchase certain Mills and of Land and Premises, or either of them, or any Part Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the thereof, with the Appurtenances; and, in order to supply said County; to wit, all that Messuage, Dwelling House, the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country with Lime for or Tenement, with the Barn, Outhouses, and other the building and for Agriculture, the said Company have Appurtenances to the same belonging, situate, Handing, built and purchased certain Kilns and Premises used for and being in Idle, in the Parish of Calverley, in the said the burning of Limestone into Lime (that is to say) all County of York; and also all that Water Corn Mill, those several Cottages and Lime Kilns, heretofore erc&ed containing Four Pair of Stones, as the same had been and built upon a Close of Land called The Doles; also newly ere<sted, being formerly enjoyed as a Water Corn the said Close of Iaind, and also all and singular die Mill and a Fulling Mill, and commonly called Prizing-Limekiln, Hills, Ways, and Appurtenances to the same hall Mill, otherwise Frizingkall Mills, situate, Handing, belonging, subjetft nevertheless to a Right of Way unto

and being in Bolton, in the said County of York, upon a the Owners, Tenants, and Occupiers ot a certain Close Rivulet called Bradford Beck, with the Kiln, Kilnhouse, of Land called The Holm, in Bradford aforesaid, for Car-Millstones, Arcks, Hoppers, and all and all Manner of riages. Drift of Cattle, and other Purposes, to and from Engines, Utensils, and Things, of what Nature or Kind the said Close of Land called The Holm, to and from the soever, and also all the Toll and Muldture to the said down of Bradford aforesaid, as the same Occupation Mills belonging or in anywise appertaining; and also all Road, or the greatest Part thereof, adjoins upon the those Five several Closes of Land, Arable, Meadow, or Rivulet called Bradford Beck; all which Mills, Estates,

Pasture, lying and being in Bolton aforesaid, lying near Limekilns, and Premises, have been conveyed to or in to the said Water Corn Mills, and then or commonly Trust for the said Company of Proprietors: That Doubts called or known by the several Name or Names of The have arisen with respect; to the Legality of the said Com-Millholme, The Three Thifily Closes, and The Bridge End, pany of Proprietors having purchased or caused to be otherwise The Ife of Man, being the retofore all of them purchased the said Mills, Buildings, Lifnekilns, Lands,

Parcel of a great Close of Land or Meadow called The and Estates, and whether the same have not now become Strowpe Ing; also Three other Closes of Land, with the forfeited to the Crown by virtue of the Statutes of Mort-Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being, in IVrofe, in main: That His Majesty has been graciously pleased to the Township of Idle, in the Parish of Calverley afore- signify His Intention of waiving all Benefit of the said laid, formerly enjoyed in Two Closes, and called or Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all Claims in respect known by the Name or Names of The Hudson's Ings, but thereof; that the said Company of Proprietors are soli-formerly called or known by the Name or Names of The citous that the said Doubts may be removed, and that Newby Strowpes-, and also all that one other Close of the said Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, and Meadow, situate, lying, and being in Frizinghall, in Hea- Estates, may be veiled in Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, ten, in the said County of York, called by the Name of and Administrators, according to the respective Tenures,

The Little Bridge Ing, or by what other Name or Names upon Trusts thereof, to be declared discharged from all loever the said several Closes, or any of them, then were Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred or usually had been called, known, or distinguished, the under or by virtue of the Statutes or Laws of Mortmain, said several Closes containing together, by Estimation, Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con- Report w-Twenty-four Days Work or thereabouts, be the same federation of a Committee of the whole House. Committee of

more or less; and also all the Tythes Yearly arising, grow- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- thTwholT ing, and renewing from and out of the said Premises, or ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. the Tytheable Parts thereof, which said Messuage or Te- House, to considerof the said Report, nement. Mills, Kilns, I ands, Tythes, Hereditaments, and

Premises are situate, lying, and being in the several Town- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Gentle- Petition of ships or Hamlets of Idle, Bolton, and Heaton, in the men. Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Hfchlfter Parishes of Calverley and Bradford, in the said County of Chefer, and also of several of the Trustees for carrying agai nit Binder York-, all that Water Mill called The Dumb Mill, which into Execution several Acts for keeping in Repair the Road* iwi. then or late was used for the rasping and grinding of Turnpike Roads leading from the said City towards Con-Wood, and also for the grinding of Wheat and other way, in the County of Carnarvon, and of several Cre-Grain, situate at Frizinghall, in the Township of Heaton, ditors, or Persons who have advanced Money upon the in the said County of York, and which was formerly oc- Tolls granted by such Acts, was presented to the House, cupied by George Craven, deceased, then lately by Thomas and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending,

Lcdgardalio deceased, and then by the said Company of widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road Proprietors their Assigns, or Under Tenants; and also all leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise that new-erected Cottage or Dwelling House, situate, called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or ft.mcling. and being near unto the said Mill; and also all near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of in the

those Two new-erected Warehouses adjoining to the said County of Denbigh; and Setting forth, That if the same Mill, and which were then likewise in the Occupation should pass into a Law, it will, as the Petitioners ap-of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Assigns; prehend, be the Means of destroying the present Road and also all and Angular the Mill, Wheels, Millstones, from Chefer to Cohway, and which is the only Commu-Geers, Materials, Engines, Utensils, Implements, Mill nication between Chefer, Liverpool, Manchester, and all Dams, Mill Race;, Ponds, Pools, Banks, Wears, Streams, the North of England, and the City of Dublin, by the Cloughs, Goits, Sluices, and Appurtenances whatsoever Way of; and that the said Road is at present

to the same belonging; all those Two several Closes, incumbered with a heavy Debt, which the Tolls collected Pieces or Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, or Pasture thereon are barely sufficient to pay, and the said intended 6 Road

43 Geo. III.

2* Aprilis.

Road will, by diverting the Traffic which now piaffes on the said Road to Conway, materially diminish the Tolls, so as to render it impracticable to repair and maintain the fame, and several of the Petitioners, and all other Persons who have lent Money thereon, will be very considerable Sufferers; and that the Trade of the said Town of Chester, and all other Places on the said Road with

Dublin and other Parts of Ireland, will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition in Favour of Conway Bridge Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants of the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Conway, from or near Conway Castle, in the Parish of to the

opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llanrkus, both in the County of Carnarvon, and for making proper Roads to and from the livid Bridge: And praying. That the same may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition in A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Gentle-Meiwi Bridge men' Merchants, and other Inhabitants of the City of Bill. Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the Streights of Menai, in the County of Carnarvon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Anglesey; and for making proper Roads to and from the said Bridge: And praying, That the same may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wrexham and Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom reported! *he Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Brereton, of Pickhill, in the County of Denbigh, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*-

Long Parish An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and paired. Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythings of West AJion otherwise West and

dleton, in the Parish of Long Parish, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j And that the Title VOL. 57.

be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Gfounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythings of West AJion otherwise West Yaston, and Middleton, iii the Parish of Long Parish, in the County of tan.

Ordered, That Mr. Asheton Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Frere presented to the House, actording to Order, Norwich Poor a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for " the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there,? so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Xinie;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of His present Majesty, intituled; j^red. *

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of " Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the " County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining.

" certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, of Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts; passed relative to the making of the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled;

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County " of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in

" the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended " Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm,

Lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to iaife a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their ori- ginal Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts, passed relative to the making of the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston Powell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, so whom Lanealter the Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Bridges Peti-and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, assembled at a U°n'reporte Special Session, held at Preston, in and for the said County, the 19th Day of November 1801, pursuant to the Statute, was- referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Gorjl being examined, said. That the Inhabitants of the said County have of late Years been greatly of-prelied, and put to great Expence, by having lately had the Repairs of ineffectual Bridges, heretofore unknown, thrown upon them, and which were built by Subscription, and otherwise, without any Authority from the County, and merely for the private Purposes of Individuals; but which, by feme late Determinations, the County becomes obliged to re-build and support, to an incalculable Expence and Increase of the Public Burthens 4 E of

2° Apr ills.

A. 1802.

Newent Roads recommitted Bill, reported.

Barnsley Road Bill, passed.

Kt ttering Road Bill, committed*

of the County, and which Grievance is dill increasing; that, previous to the Year 1784, the said Inhabitants only repaired Five County Bridges, the others being repaired by the Hundreds, Parishes, Townships, and other Dillridls, within the said County; but that, since the last mentioned Period, the Repairs of Five additional Bridges have been added thereto: That the Petitioners are deiirous that the Public should be accommodated with Bridges where they are really wanted, on proper Conditions; but submit, that all new Bridges, which are afterwards to be upheld and supported at the Expence of the County, should be built with the Knowledge, Approbation, and by the Authority, of the Magistrates of the County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws relating to County Bridges, (o far as the same relate to the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburneof Lancashiredo prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester; and also

another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Croft; and also the Road from the Guide Post in to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook-, and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to WhiteCrofs; and also the Road from the Guide Post

in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George tire Second, and in the 13th and 21st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the 'l'oll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of borough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in

the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Weflwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rnjhden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Secretary

to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expenditure under its proper Title: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1800 — Orders and RegulationsAnd also.

States and Conditions of Cape Coast Castle, and the other British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, taken by J. M. Lewis, Esquire, Commander of His Majesty's Sloop of War The Snake, in June 1800.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sefliun.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Castle Baynard, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the exilting Income Tax is, in its Principle, contrary to the free Spirit of the" Constitution, abhorrent to the Temper of the People, de-

grading to their Character, and calculated, by its Operation, to tread down and destroy those Distinctions which have hitherto been held as the sacred Land Marks between a free and an absolute Government; the Tax has proved, in Practice, more odious, if poffble, than the Principle which gave it Birth; it can Only be effectual in Proportion as it is inquisitorial; its Success depends upon the Degree in which it violates the Confidence of private Life; it puts Englishmen upon Interrogatories as to the various Items of their Acquisi-tions, and Particulars of their Expences, before Persons, who may arbitrarily indulge the most wanton, idle, or interested Curiosity, at the Expence of the Feelings, or the Commercial Advantage, of the Persons thus feru-tinized, who mull either submit to the Surcharges of the Assessors, or expose to Publicity and vulgar Observation the Secrets of their Commerce, and the most

delicate

Knotting Road Bill, committed.

Papers re*

spetting

Africa,

presented*

Petition of Inhabitants of Castle Baynard Ward, for repealing Income Tax.

Petition of Inhabitants of Hertford, for D\ *

St. Giles* (Cambridge) Inclosure Bill, reported.

42 Geo. III. 20 Aprili291

delicate Arrangements of private Life: Experience has shewn the Tax to have fallen with intolerable arid of-preffive Weight upon the more conscientious and honourable Part of Society; the perjured may be relieved from its Severity by the Operation of the Law, and the fraudulent evade its Effects; and the Petitioners, regarding the said Tax as radically bad, and uncon-ftitutional in Principle, are of Opinion, that nd Modification of it whatever can make the same -fairly practicable: And therefore praying, That the House will take these Matters into their most lerious Consideration, and grant the Petitioners Relief, by an immediate Repeal of the said Tax. *

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Hereford, convened by public Advertisement from the Mayor, and held in the Town Hall of the said City, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensibly affected by the Burthens which the calamitous State of Europe has imposed upon this Country, and grateful for the Blessmgs of returning Peace, which His Majesty's present Ministers have laboured to effect, do implore the Houl'c to take into their Consideration the Repeal or Modification of the Tax upon Income; a Tax, which the painful Emergencies of the State at one Time demanded, though the Petitioners were llattered with the Hope that its Operation -would be but temporary; under this Consolation, the Petitioners have cheerfully borne the Pressure of its Effect; and, in Confidence that their Grievances, in common with their Fellow Subjects of the Realm, will ever experience the due Investigation of Parliament, do submit their Petition to the Consideration of the House, arid pray that Relief which it shall think proper to afford.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Cambridge, was referred.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in.Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of i Acre 2 Roods and 26 Perches, and one Common Right House, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 101 Acres 3 Roods and 29 Perches, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 1,214 Acres and 1 Perch, and the whole Number of Common Rights Houses are 87); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the Sawfton Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosure Bill, dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, repor e ' the*Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sanjton, in the County of Cambridge, was committed.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That file Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The House being informed that Mr. Forfter (from Accounts the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called presentfd* in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day *'und* of January 1802; and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it Rood on the 5th of January 1802 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt); distinguisti* ing the Income applicable to the paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793, and also the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year; together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, existing before the Year 1793, JXe4' and also of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix appendix, to this Volume. (No. 47.)

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that there was an In- Estimate of accuracy in the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the buffering Clergy and Laity and-

of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Do- another mingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year ordered‘ 1802, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer;

Ordered, That the said Estimate be withdrawn, and another Estimate presented instead thereof.

Ordered

Committee on Report on Corn Trade, deferred.

ElVi mates presented:

Emigrants and Loyalists.

Bills from New South Wales.

Appendix

(N«48.)

Petition of Comm i Hi oners of Wide Streets in Dublin, for Aiiutance.

2° Aprilis.

A. 1802.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the State of the Com Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, and report the lame, with their Observations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rej'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefeand CorsicanEmigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers,

and American I voyalifts, for the remaining Nine Months of the Year 1802.

Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, and which may become due in the Course of the Year 1802.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimatcs arc inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, for making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City of , being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr Wickham(by His Majesty's Command) acquainted

the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That being constituted, in the Year 1757, for the Purposes aforesaid, they have been ever since engaged in making Improvements in the City of Dublin, by opening Avenues through the lame, and widening others that were before narrow, confined, and dangerous, and that the several Improvements which they have undertaken have been always previously submitted to, and approved of by Parliament; and that, having no permanent Funds allotted to them before the Year 1782, the Expences incurred by them were, until that Time, supplied by King's letters, or Parliamentary Grants; and that the Funds then allotted them being appropriated, in the first Instance, to the Opening of Dame Street, to the Houses of Parliament, which Work is not yet completed. Parliament have since, when they approved of any new Undertakings, made Grants of Money, from Time to Time, to carry them into Execution; and that these Grants, however, not being equal to the Expences incurred, considerable Debts have been contracted, which have either been discharged by Parliament, or Grants made each Year to defray the Interest of such Debts; and that, for some Years past, they have had, every Session, a Grant of £.4,500 for that Purpose; and that they are now engaged in several Works, by Direction of Acts of Parliament, which their present Funds are not adequate to, and which therefore require either Grants of considerable Sums of Money, or of Funds by new Taxes, on which they may be enabled to borrow Money; and that, by an Act of the 39th George III. they are enjoined to impannel Juries within a Year, to value certain Premises on the South Side the River Liffey, which Juries are still fitting; and that Parliament granted certain Duties to defray the Expences of the Awards of l'uch Juries, and to pay the Intcrelt of the Awards then made; and that the Interest of the said Awards at that Time made exceeds the Prut luce of the Taxes granted by £.625,

independent of £. 1,200 a Year parable to ‘Trinity College,

Dublin, and £.520 a Year to the Bishop of And therefore praying the Hoc e to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant to the Petitioners a Sunt for Payment of the former Interest due, together with such other Sum or Sums of Money, or local Taxes, to enable the Petitioners to raile Money to carry into Execution the Improvements committed to their Care by this Act, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Charitable Dona- Petition of tions and Bequests in Ireland, being offered to be pre- frsofChar?ti-fented tO the House; ble Donations

Mr. IVickham (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted ^tonce' for the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of ‘ the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That by an Act, passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, they were appointed Commissioners Corporate for the Purpose of recovering all Charitable Donations and Bequests, and to apply the fame, when recovered, to charitable and pious Purposes, according to the Intention of the Donor or Donors; and that, by the said Act, all Returns, and other Matters relating to their Corporation, are to be lodged with their Secretary; and though it appears evident, from the Act, that such an Officer is absolutely necessary, yet, from the Nature of their Funds, they have not Power of applying any Part thereof towards a Salary for a Secretary: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Sum for a Salary for their Secretary', as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do iie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Mayor, Petition for Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens, of the City of Dublin, Petition was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, for better That the Petitioners are, by several Acts, passed in the jupp'ying; 15th and 16th, 19th and 20th, and 28th Years of the pipe water! Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Pipe Water of the City of Dublin, enabled to supply the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs with Water, and for that Purpose are empowered to receive certain Rates, which have been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and that a Petition had been prepared by the Petitioners, for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering, extending, and enlarging, the Powers, given by the said recited Acts, and for making better Provision for the several Purposes intended thereby; and that the said Petition was prevented from being presented to the House within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, as it was detained by contrary' Winds at Dublin; and that it will be attended with great Lois to the Petitioners, and a very material Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said City, should not Leave be given to present the said Petition: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the peculiar Circumstances of the Cafe, Leave may be given to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill lor effecting the said several Purposes.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- L^ye s:-ver--cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, Petition and Citizens, of the City of Dublin, was pretented to the rrelcuted-House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts were made in the 15th and 16th, 19th and 20th, and 28th,

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor better regulating the Pipe Water of the City of; and

that, since the passing thereof, the said City has been increasing in Extent, and has, ol late Years, considerably

extended

42 Geo. III.

2

Apr ills.

293

extended to the Northward and Eastward, and to a great Parish of Saint Mary, in the County of

Distance from the present Bason, or Ilefervoir, for l'up- dlesex; without any Amendment: And also, plying of the said City with Pipe Water; and that the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Galway Gaol Works to supply the same have been necessarily ex- for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and Blll‘

tended, at a great additional Expence, which the present for purchasing Land sufficient for the fame; and for high Hates of Labour, Prices'of Timber, and other Ma- other Purposes relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Downham Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and ^la,;ktt-Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Downham rainage 1

terials, have greatly increased; and that the Rates, which the Petitioners are by the said recited Acts empowered to receive, have been found so inadequate to the Expences attending the keeping of the said Works in Re-

pair, that the Petitioners have sustained an Annual Lossof , Bardo/ph, and in the

about f. 1,200, and mu ft, in future, sustain even a more' considerable Loss, unless the House shall be pleased to increase the Rates, so as to meet the necessary Expences of the said Establishment; and that many Parts to which the City has lately extended, are so remote from the present Source from which the said City is served with Water, and so elevated, that it is with great Difficulty the Inhabitants of those Parts are even partially supplied with Water, and cannot be effectually supplied, unless the Petitioners are enabled to extend their Works beyond their present Limits: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the said recited Acts for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for the several Purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

County of Norfolk; without dny Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stntfield for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common i^cloitire Bill. or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stratfield in the Counties of and Hants

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Coroners Fees Reading of the Bill for granting additional Fees and B . deferrc Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office;

That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of Questionprc- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Suppy'

posed, That there be laid before this House, an Account to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-intcttft paid of the several Sums of Money paid by Government to jesty, be now read.

«aLoaa».nlt *^e ^an'c of England, for Interest on Loans of Money And the said Order being read accordingly;

*" since the Bank ceased to make its Payments in Gold, Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid on Accounts,

February 1797; Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great - ‘ .

And the previous Question being put. That that tain, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41st Year of the °n

Question be now put; ' Reign of His present Majesty, to the 5th Day of January

It paded in the Negative. 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid on D®-AdJrrf* for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into England,

reffHvtln<r the ^‘s Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased so give in pursuance of several Acts of the 41st Year of the

Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies Reign of His present Majesty, to the latest: Period to,

or Ahftrafts of any Information transmitted by the Go- which the same can be made up, be referred to the said

vernor or Compiander in Chief of the Island of Trinidad, Committee.

since the Capture of the fame, relative to the State of Ordered, That the further Account of Monies ad- for the Cultivation of the said Island, and to the Amount vanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not public' or

of its Population; distinguishing the different Classes of being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil Services.

Inhabitants; likewise of any Plans or Descriptions of any List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament,

lil ind ut Trinidad.

proposed Allotment or Distribution of Lands for the Improvement of the said Island; and also. Copies of any Instructions which have been sent to the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Island of Trinidad, since the Capture of the fame, directing or authorizing him to make any Grants, Sales, or Settlements, of Land, within the said Island; and cf any Accounts received from the said Governor or Commander in Chief, of any . Grants, Sales, or Settlements, made in pursuance of . such Direction or Authority; — and also, Copies of any Information received from the Governor or Commander

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Extraordinary Ex- Frofccutions pences incurred for Prosecutions relating to Coin of re l° this Kingdom, for the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Scotch Roads. Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums likely to be Convicts. incurred for confining and maintaining Convicts at

in Chief of the Island of Trinidad, relative to any Re- Home, for One Year, to 31st December 1802, be referred fumptions of Lands within the said Island, since the to the said Committee.

Capture of the fame; specifying the Causes of such Resumptions, and the Authority under which they have been made.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Cape Breton

The Lords

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. h..ve agreed to Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better. Relief and Employment of the Poor of the . Vol. 57.

in; 'igfon Poor IhiL

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of de- Aliens, fraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island ot Cape Breton, in America, from the ill of January to the 31 ft of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Bermudas, ing the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Islands) from the ill of January to the 3tft of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray-

4 F ing

New

Brunswick.

2° Jprilis. 1802.

ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Brunswick, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 18c2, be referred to the said Committee. '

Nova Scotia. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Dominica. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the 1 ft of January to the 31 ft of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Prince Ed- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray-

ward s I Hand. ing tjlc Civil Establishment of the Istand of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edwards from the

1 ft of January to the 31st of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Newfound- . Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray-

"nd‘ ing the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Newfoundland, in America, from the1 ift of January to the 31st of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

UpperCanada. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

New South Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray-w',les* ing the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 1 ft of January to the 31 ft of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Sahanws. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray-

ing the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the (amp, from the ift of January to the 31 ft of December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

o #

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted (o His Majesty.

\v;t< and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House i^fc!rred. to rcf°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bir.-o -Road* Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Second committed. Reading of the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road, leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, , " in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Ventre

in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order 4

to add at the End of the Question, the Words " this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. *

Tellers for the Ye3s,j Mr' Smi,i'

Te

upon

"now"

7

60.

10.

[The Lord De:

VUers for the Noes tSir Robert WilVaughan A

Lord Viscount Belgrave:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be tiow called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Asheton , Smith, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeon a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ®! p^j^elicf extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of connected Money, advanced by way of Loan, to several Persons with Grenada, connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada &c* and Saint Vincent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Wii/iam Young reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to committeeon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 8,11 for the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 7th ExpencTL and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, Election*, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence " in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament, and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Poor Relief

ing Bill, deferred.

4^ Geo..III. 2 — 50 Aprilis. 295

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually distinguishing and relieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards.

Arid then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 42' Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Birburyand O IR George AugujlusWilliam Shuckburgh Evelyn pre-lnctofureBUI Tented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for presented. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of and

Marton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nuneaton Sir George Augn/lusWilliam Shuckburgh Evelyn reported

indoiure Bill, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing,

" allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick; and also a certain Stinted Pasture in' Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Iloute, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Oldham Mr. Blackburne of Lpresented to the House,

preieiited.Bl1'' according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wrexham An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-Road Bill,' ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, paired in the

passed. 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denhigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chefcr;" and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Read branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "-An " Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, " the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to " Barnhill, in the County of j"and for making,

. Vo1*- 57-

amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Kclfoe Two whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term "biflScots# and Powers of Two several Acts, of the 3 2d Year of reported, the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Ke/J'o, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theleunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom Great Barton the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-Year or Every-Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year rep° or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had( examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-faflion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second T'me, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for draining, prefirving from Water, and im- Wookey, &c. proving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of

Rodney-Stoke, Wed more, Mear, W

worth, Biddisham, Eaf Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Ax-

bridge, Compton Bishop, Loxlon, Bleadon, Bream, Berrow,

and Lympfiam, all in the County of and for

altering and improving the Navigation of the River

within the said Parishes of Bleadon,

Eaf Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, and Axbridge, home or One of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon, was read a Second

rp*

I ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Turn- NArcnf Road* pike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Bill, paired. Town of Newcnt, in the County of to join the

Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the

- Parish

A. 1802*

A(hhy-dt*U-Zouch Road Bill, ' ^relented#

KHwctfr Roids. RiH, eoitimirted.

P r^'v: on Navi-falion Kill, further con-£dertd.

29 6

5° Aprilis.

Parish of Neivent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

RefoJved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called Die Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester-, and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of New cut aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House/to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House;

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Rolleston mons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rolleston, Inclosu, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir John Wrotteftey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Lei refer, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn, in Tut bury, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Tao Acts, passed in the 5th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, lo far as relate to the Kidwelly DistricL of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said Dillri<fl; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road lead-

ing from the North Side of a Bridge called Pont-y-

(iribiulwyd-ar-Gwilly, to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddylais, and from thence to the River Lonelier, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Ham/yn, Mr. Thomas Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 261 h Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Frog hall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter, and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acfts, was committed, and 1 Inch was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now aken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said

Report into further Consideration.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, ancTinclosing, Westonand the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in p^d. the Parish, Townships,'cr Hamlets, of West on by Welland, and Sutton Buffett, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pa ft u res, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of West on by Welland, and Sutton Baffett, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be. given to bring in a Bill for Billrt(j*$ing veiling certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, for pro- chance it

rnoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Wool- vvoobuh, wich: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Sargent orderid* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for remedying certain Defects Day appointed in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of p^nga County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the County Expem:e of the Inhabitants of Counties, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants and Petition of Residents of the City of Bath, and its Vicinity, was pre- lnl, ublt3nt,<

. Bath, for re-

lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the pealing

Petitioners have always been, and they trull ever will be, IncomcTax* among the first to come forward, in Times of Danger and Emergency, in Defence of their King, Country, and free Constitution, and are duly lcnlible of the Obligation under which they lie, of contributing their Proportion towards the necessary Ex peaces of the State; but at the same Time they conceive, that it us not in the smallest Degree inconsistent with th fe Sentiments to state, that the Tax known by the Name of the Income Tax is, in their Opinion, a Grievance to His M:\ic fly's Subjects, being, as they apprehend, partial, unequal, liabe to Evasion, and, above all, immoral in its Nature and Consequences, and in its Operation and Mode of Collect ion inconsistent with the Rights and Privileges of the Members of a free Constitution; and they beg I^cave to state, as an Instance of the Inequality of which they complain, that the AflVffinent of tire City of London, in the first Year of this Tax, amounted to no more than £159>]S3- i6j. 5^/. whereas that of Bath, and the Division of Bath Forum, whole Opulence bears a very

that of the Capital,

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difhgreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the Iloule.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Proprietors tohave a Vote for each Share.

inconsiderable Proportion to

amounted to £.82,219. i6r. 11 d.: And therefore praying the House, That the said Ta>: be laid alkie, and the AcV for establishing it repealed.

A Petition of the Mayor and other Inhabitants of the Petition of

City of York, whole Names are thereunto fubU nbed, was Mayor,t<vC of

also pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Tax upon Income is, in various Respects, partial, unjust, and oppressive in its Operation, and has a direct Tendency to subvert the Principles and undermine

the

York, for D*.

42 Geo. III. 5° Jprilis.

297

the Foundations of Morality, by placing the Assertions or Declarations, and sometimes even the Oaths of Individuals, indirect Opposition to their private Interests; and that the said Tax has introduced a dangerous and alarming Innovation into our System of Taxation as repugnant to the Spirit of the Constitution as it is degrading to the British Character, inasmuch as it gives Countenance to the Interference of the Public Officers of the State with the private Concerns and Circumstances of the People: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners Relief, by adopting Measures for the immediate Repeal of the said Tax.

Petition of A Petition of the thereundersigned Merchants and Merchants, Inhabitants of the Town and County of Kingston upon fton-upon-2' Hull, and the Vicinity thereof, was likewise presented to Hull, for D°. the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the original Intention of the Legislature, in imposing the Tax upon Income, was to raise, within the Year, a Part of the Supplies necessary for prosecuting the War; and that the War, by the Blessing of Divine Providence, being now happily terminated, the Petitioners are of Opinion, that other Taxes may be deviled less obnoxious, more equal in their Operation, more in Unil'on with the Principles and the Spirit of the Constitution, and in every It el pc el less objectionable: And therefore praying, That the Tax upon Income may be repealed, and such other Taxes imposed in lieu thereof, as to the House may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Account*

ordered: Duty on Strong Beer.

D® on Table Beer.

E1 on Small er.

Duties on Malt.

Duty on Hops.

Allowances to Brewers.

Drawback on Strong Beer.

D®on Hops.

Produce of

Afielled

Taxes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Strong Beer, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1795; distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the W hole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Table Beer, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of 1795; distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Small Beer, for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1795; distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, for Three Years, ending 1795; distinguitiling the Produce of each Duty, and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Hops, for Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1801; dillin-guishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Iloufe, an Account of the Amount of Malt Allowances paid to Brewers and others, out of the Duty on Malt 1780, for Three Years, ending the 5di Day of July 1795;. distinguisliingckch Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Drawback on Strong Beer exported, for Three Years, e'nding the 5th Day of July 1795; distitiguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Drawback on Hops exported for Three Years, ending the 5th Day of 1801; distinguishing each hear; together with an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Affefied Taxes, for Three Years, ending 5th Day of A 1802; distinguishing

VOL. 57.

each Year; and distinguishing the Duties which hav* been imposed during that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Convoy Duty. Account of the Duties on Exports and Imports, and Tonnage of Shipping, commonly called The Convoy Duty, from its Commencement to its Termination; dil-tinguishing each Year; distinguishing the Duties on Imports, on Exports to Europe, and Exports to Countries out of Europe, and Tonnage, respectively; and distinguishing the Duties on Sugar, which, by an Act of the lati Session, were made permanent.

'Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Repo-t from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ^PPty* was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Repairs at That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Seventy-one Port Patnck* Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Milford, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn for the Repairs of Port Patrick, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Preparing That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred Pounds, he ^puUdo°f granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been 1 tilled to Enos Smith, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abstracts, to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Indexto Lords That a Sum not exceeding Six Hundred Fifty-five Jouruals* Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to

Thomas Itrodie, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Arrangement That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Seventy-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Colonies, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil list Revenues, to Henry Swinburne, Esquire, Commissioner for superintending the Arrangements for the Restitution of Danish Colonies, and which has not been

made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Copies of That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Twenty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Charles Beaumont, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences incurred in making Copies of the Abllracls of the Population of England and Wales, and ' which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cierksm That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand and Forty- p^bC|'cot four Pounds Ten Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to Accounts. Ilfs Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, and which has not been made g< od by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Colman. That a Sum. not exceeding 1 hree Hundred Twenty-four Pounds and Yen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty,

4 C to

Bills drawn from New South Wales.

Expences paid by the Coni ul at Algiers.

Publishin^ Returns of the Price of Sugar.

Supplies on a Voyge from New South Walts.

New Settlers in New South \Vale3.

Prosecution; relating to the Coin.

Gom iJV.

Si peiiut^n-< r' v of AheiiS.

5° Apri.

A. 1802.

to make pood the like Sum, which has been issued to Edward Caiman, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms, attending the House of Commons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, in Reimburse-ment of the Expences attending his Removal from his late House in Exchequer Court, for the Accommodation of the Public, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten Thousand Five Hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William , Esquire,*at

the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, due in the Year 1801, being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by John Falcon, Esquire, Consul at Algiers, for Expences incurred on Account of Two hundred and Twenty-three Persons, including a Corsican Crew taken under Colours, previous to the Equitting Corsica, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Twenty-nine Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Nettle/hip, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for making up and publishing in The London Weekly

Returns of the Average Price of Sugar, for

One Year, ending the iff; Day of October 1801, and to defray other incidental Charges attending the fame, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Twenty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Captain Hunter, late Governor of the Colony at New South W,ales, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences in providing necessary Supplies for the Consumption on his Voyage Home from that Colony, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, v\ hich has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be paid over to New Settlers on their Departure for the Colony of South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Eight Hundred Twenty-four Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, 8cc. relating, to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one Thousand and '1 we/ity-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, forde-f raving the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaining Convicts at Home for Nine Months, cuffing the 31st Day of December 1802.

ii-solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exc eeding Seven Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, for the Year 1802, according to the Provisions of an Act,

passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bounties on That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six Hundred Corn* and Twenty Thousand Two Hundred and Eighteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to the Consolidated Fund the like Sum paid out of the Revenue of Customs for Bounties on Corn and Grain imported into Great Britain, to the 20th Day of March 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, National That the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, be Debt‘ granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upper That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Nine Ca,lada* Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nova Scotia. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Five Hundred Fifteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1S02.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Six Hun- Brunlw'ck* tired and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the ift

Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prince That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand One Hun- *

tired Ninety-four Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Island John in America, now called Prince Edward's Island, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hun- lam* dred Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bahama That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand One Hun- Iilantis* dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bermudas. That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establilliment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Hlands) from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica. That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the

Civil

New South Wales,

Tinmouth Lighthouse Bin, paired.

Account of Imports from Surinam, &c. ordered.

Accounts

preltnted;

Duty on Strong Beer.

42 Geo. III. 50

Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Nine Hundred and Eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of South Wales, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1802.

The Fifteen first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " which Sum shall be carried to, and made " Part of, the said Conloiidated Fund, for the Quarter " ended the 5th Day of April 1802."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

B.efolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution. I'o amended. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six Hundred and Twenty Thousand Two Hundred and Eighteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to the Conloiidated Fund the like Sum paid out of the Revenue of Customs, for Bounties on Corn and Grain imported into Great Britain to the 20th Day of March 1802; which Sum shall be carried to, and made Part of, the said Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1 So 2.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Secretary at War Jby His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the Rights of His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar, Rum, Coffee, and Cotton, imported into Great Britain from the Colonies of Surinam, Berbice, Demerara, and Ejjcquibo, as also from the Islands of Martinico, Saint Lucia, Tobago, Trinidad,

anti Saint Eustatia, for Three Years previous to the ift of January last, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, as well as the Quantity imported from each Colony or Island; together with the Net Amount of Duty paid thereon.

The House -being informed that Mr. Planner (from the Commissioners of Excile) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Strong tf.er, for Three Years, ending 3th July 1795; dil-

VO L.57.

tinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Table Beer, for Three Years, ending 3th 1795;

distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also.

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Small Beer, for Three Years, ending 3th July 1793; distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, for Three Years, ending 1793; distinguishing the Produce of each Duty and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Hops, for Seven Years* ending 3th 1801; distingui filing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also,

A11 Account of the Amount of Malt Allowances paid to Brewers and others, out of the Duty on Malt 1780, for Three Years* ending 3th 1793; distin-guishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawback on Strong Beer exported, for Three Years, ending the 3th July 1793; distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawback on Hops exported, for Three Years, ending 3th July 1801; distinguishing each Y'ear; together with an Average of the Whole.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred-to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties on Exports and Imports, and Tonnage of Shipping, commonly called The Convoy Duty, from its Commencement to its Termination; distinguishing each Year; distinguishing the Duties on Imports, on Exports to Europe, and Exports to Countries out of Europe, and Tonnage respectively; and distinguishing the Duties on Sugar, which, by an Act of the last Session, were made permanent.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Ploule.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed that Mr. Parker (from the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, for Three Years, ending the 5th April 1802; distinguishing the Duties which have been imposed during that Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the

Committee

Dufy on Tunic liccf.

D° on Sinai 1 Beer.

Duties on Malt.

Duty on Hops.

Allowances ' to Brewers.

Drawback oil Strong Beer.

D° on Hops,

Appendix, (No. 49.)

Account of Convoy Duty, presented.

Appendix, (No. 50.)

Account of Produce of Alleged Taxes, presented.

300 5° — 6° . 1802.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred And the same being read accordingly;

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instrufiion to

Supply granted to His Majesty. mittee, That they do consider of the said Acts. co^'r ot

ApftndiXy The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- respeaing (No. 51.) this Volume. mittee. income Duty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Meant"* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid " and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an " Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of " the War; and to make more effectual Provision for u the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon " Income in lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, A ft repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the SefSon of

" liament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the

" Prosecution of the War;and to make more

" vifton for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon " Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and to amend the " said Act," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution certain " Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the " Time limited by the said Acts for receiving Returns " of Income; and for explaining and amending the said " Acts," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend so much of an " Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties; and of the Duties " upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an " Ad of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 39th Ind 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several " Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating " to the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend " the said Acts," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His pre-lint Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present " Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements " to the Commercial Commissioners of London, un-

dor the Amount of Twenty Pounds," might be read.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will

please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re- corn Trade, port which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, and report the fame, with their Obl'crvations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon jarred.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- deterred

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually distinguishing and relieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts, and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Apt fits;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Chute reported front the Committee, to whom itchin

the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering Navigation . more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th Years 1 ' rep° e: of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 33th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River It chin, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, , and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments

i^-

Norwich Poor Bill, committed.

Kent Street Roads Bill, reported.

Runham Inclosure and Drainage Bill, reported.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for cresting " a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of " Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there," so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frere, Sir Robert Buxton, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting, and watching or guarding a certain Part thereof; and also for increasing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, paired in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable, in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-Waterings, in the County of

Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and other Roads therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Run-ham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £.48 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land assessed at £.82 per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure and Drainage is afllfled at £. 753 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

V'OL. 57.

ments thereunto, which they had dife&ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Oflce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and' other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up-Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenflanton, in the County of be

read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham,

Kirby Cane, and Geldestone, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 132. 10 s.who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.422, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.3,237. 3*.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkstone, Hoyland and Cawthorne, in the Parish of , in the West

4 H Riding

Up-Lambourne In-dofure Bill, presented.

Harwell Inclosure Bill, presented.

Day appointed for Second Reading of Fenftanton Inclosure Bill«

Ellingham,

See. Inclosure Bill, reported.

Silkftone, See. Inclosure Rill, reported, and re-committed.

6° Apfills.-

A. 1802.

Baldwin Brit;htwell Inclosure Bill, reported.

Riding of the County of was committed; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found rjthe same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, who are afifefled to the Land Tax 26. or. 3*^. who refused to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates aftefted at £.x. 6 s. 11 A who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors of Estates aftefted at t. who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is aftefted to the Land Tax at £.206. 13 and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin Bright well, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossfed.

A Meftage- from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Air. Ridley;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

inclosure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open

inentsfmen Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish

of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of

York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Nezvland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle-gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates aftefted to the Land Tax at

The Lords h:ive agreed to

Richmond

FVtow with Newlaml JncK*sure Bill, reported.

£. 1. 4 s.3 I d. who refuftd to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates aftefted at £.2,. who were'neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is aflfeflecl at £.17. 15.1. 1 id.-, and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be- added to the Bill, for declaring the Act a Public Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock; for removing the present Slaughter Ilouies in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurilcliftion of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u[)on the Question fevcjally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An for " amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's " Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, the " Parish of Winftanftow, in t County of Salop; and also " the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's " Crois, to Aymstrey, in the said and " for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of His present as relates

" to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Simeon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Viscount Folk eft one presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe Byfet, otherwise Bijfin the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

Lord

Kilmarnock Streets and Bridges, Src. Bill, reported.

Stretford's Bridge Roads Bill,

committed.-

Coombe Byfet Inclosure Bili, presented.

42 Geo. III.

6° Aprilis.

303

West Grinstead, &c. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Trent Navigation Bill, passed.

Member added to bring in Cardington inclosure Bill.

Petition of the Mayor, &c. of King's Lynn, for repealing Income Tax.

County Bridges Bill, committed.

Field Ci ops. Sec. Bill, ©rderea.

Lord Viscount 'Folk efi onep relented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parillies of West Grihjlead and White P in the County of

Wilts:And the same was received} and read the First

ri v

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the to make Railways; to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the

Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make Railways; to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and the humble Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of Bedford.

A Petition of the Mayor, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with the rest of their Fellow Subjects, finding themselves much aggrieved by the very unequal and oppressive Tax upon Income, and by the vexatious Regulations and Operation thereof, after Three Years Experience, beg Leave to represent the same to the House; and if the Petitioners omit particularly stating the partial Effects thereof, it is because they would not hurt the Feelings of the House, being well allured that the House are fully sensible of the Arguments which might justly be made use of to induce them to repeal the fame: And therefore praying the House will take the said Income Tax into their serious Consideration, and grant the Petitioners Relief, by an immediate Repeal thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for remedying certain Deftfts in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing l'o much of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George " the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or " destroying of Turnips, and for the more effectually " preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, " Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots," might be read.

Vol. 57.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of the said Act to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards: Aud that Mr. Wfern and Sir Robert Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Billrespecting posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the ^cotton* Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and other and others employed in Cotton Mills and Cotton Fac- ordered?' tories;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the First Word " Cotton," the Words " and other;"

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Second Word " Cotton," the Words " and other."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories: And that Sir Robert Peel, Lord Viscount Belgrave, and Mr. Stanley,;

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, ordereJ:

from the End of the Year 1795 to the 5 th of July 1801; Malt!*0*1 distinguishing the Produce of each Duty, and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Quantity of Account of the Quantity of Malt on which Duty has Malt paid been paid, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July uty'

1801; distinguishing each Year; with a general Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an d° of Hops. Account of the Quantity of Hops on which Duty has been paid, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1801; distinguishing each Year; with a general Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- D« of Strong count of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer, for Beer* which Duty has been paid, brewed from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1801; distinguishing each Year.

Resolved Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this Thanks voted House be given to the Officers of the Navy, Army, and Marines, for the meritorious and eminent Services which Navy, Army, they have rendered to their King and Country during and Marine*, the Course of the War.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth D\ highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Petty and Non-commissioned Officers and Men employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, and Marines, during the Course of the War; and that the same be communicated to them by the Commanders of the several Ships and Corps, who are respectively desired to thank those under their Command for their exemplary and gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions, by Letter, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, and to the Captain General and Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this Militia* House be given to the Officers of the several Corps of

Militia,

Militia.

Vconnnry

ami

Volunteer

Corps.

Ditto.

The Lords bave agreed to

Info Revenues EiH.

Broughton Inclosure Bill.

A Ire was Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed Walpole's Kltate Bill.

Report on Com Trade.

3O4 6° April. A. 1802.

Militia, which have been embodied in Great Britain and Ireland during the Course of the War, for the seasonable and meritorious Services they have rendered to their King and Country.

Resolved, Nemine ContradiceThat this House doth

highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the several Corps of Militia, which have been embodied in Great Britain and Ireland during the Course of the War; and that the same be communicated to them by the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their meritorious Conduct.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions, by Letter, to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of each respective Corps.

Resolved, Nemine Contra die cute, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Officers of the several Corps of Yeomanry, and Volunteer Cavalry, and Infantry, and of the Sea Fencibles, which have been formed in Great Britain and Ireland during the Course of the War, for the seasonable and eminent Services they have rendered to their King and Country.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the several Corps of Yeomanry, and Volunteer Cavalry, and Infantry, and of the Sea Fencibles, which have been formed in Great Britain and Ireland, during the Course of the War, and that the same be communicated to them by the Colonels, and other Commanding Officers of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their meritorious Conduct.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions, by Letter, to His Majesty's Lieutenant of each County, Riding, and Place, in Great and to His

Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords- have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy in Perfhore, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Air eve as, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, and report the lame, with their Observations thereupon, feom 8

Time lo Time, to the House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Grain from Great Britain to Ireland should be permitted, although the Prices thereof in Britain should be higher than those at which such Exportation is now by Law prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Grain from Ireland to Great Britain should be permitted, although the Prices thereof in Ireland 111ould be higher than those at which such Exportation is now by Lav/ prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken info further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ednfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Twenty-five Millions be raised by Annuities, whereof the Charges of Twenty-three Millions are to be defrayed on the Part of Great , and of Two Millions on the Part of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the said Sum of Twenty-five Millions shall, for every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of Sixty-five Pounds, in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, to commence from the 5 th Day of January 1802, and to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further Principal Sum of Six Pounds Ninteen Shillings and Three Pence, in the like f. 3 per Centum Annuities, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1808, and then to be added to and made Part of the said £. 3 per Centum Annuities.

That every such Contributor Hull likewise be entitled to the further Principal Sum of Sixty Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1802, and to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, which were reduced from £. 4 to £. 3 per Centum, by an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said f. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities.

That the said several Annuities, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties and Revenues, which shall be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this prefen t Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 14th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of 10 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chule to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Twenty-five Millions,

with

Report Ways and Means.

Railing a Sum by Annuities.

Terms of railing the fame.

Repealing; the Duties on Income*

Ditto.

Annuities thereon, to be payable out of Consolidated 1 uud.

Repealing the Duties on Beer.

D* the All Jowance to Common Brewers.

Charging certain Duties on Beer.

43 Geo. III. 6° Apritis.

305

with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of as a Security for

making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say:

£. 1 o per Centum on or before the 21 ft Day of May 1802.

£.10 per Centum on or before the 18th Day of June next.

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 16th Day of July next.

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of

next.

£. 1 o pet Centum on or before the 17 th Day of September next.

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 19th Day of October next.

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 19th Day of November next; and,

£. 1 5 per Centum on of before the 17th Day of December next.

That ever)r Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Twenty-nve Millions, at any Time on or before the 18th Day of November 1802, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Bate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum on the Sum so advanced, for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be Computed from the Day of completing the same to the 17th Day of December 1802.

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services for Great Britain and , as shall then

have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rates and Duties granted by an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid " and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," which were continued by the Acts for granting Duties On Income, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Income, granted by several Acts, made in the 39th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Annuities which are now charged upon, and payable, out of, the Duties on Income, shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Rates and Duties payable for or in respect: of Beer, or Ale, of the Price of Thirteen Shillings the Barrel, or under, exclusive of the Duty payable thereon (not being Twopenny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland) shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances granted by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, out of the Duties on Malt, to Common Brewers, or other Persons, who shall fell or tap out Beer, or Ale, publicly or privately, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings be charged for every Barrel of Beer, or Aie, of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, or under, exclusive of the Duty of Excise payable thereon, and denominated Table Beer, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, who shall fell or tap out any Beer, or Ale, publicly :or privately. '

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, ;That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, ‘ Voti' 57.

ah additional Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Barrel of Beer, or Ale, above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise payable thereon (not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person, who shall fell of tap out any Beer, or Ale, publicly or privately.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten Pence be charged upon every Barrel of Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings be charged upon every Barrel of Irijli Beer, or Ale, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence be charged upon every Barrel or Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain (except from Ireland).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Six Shillings be allowed upon every Barrel of Strong Beer (not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland) which shall be brewed and made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hop*.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny and One Farthing, and Eight Twentieth Parts of a Farthing, be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops grown in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for Use.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny and One Farthing, and Eight Twentieth Parts of a Farthing, be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops imported from Ireland intQ Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of One Penny One Farthing, and Eight Twentieth Parts of a Farthing, be allowed upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops grown m Great Britain, and which shall be cured and rendered fit for Use, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, IrifoSpirits. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence Three Farthings be charged upon every Gallon of Spirits, A or Strong Waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater or higher Degree of Strength; and on fwcetened or compounded Spirits, to be computed upon such sweetened or compounded Spirits, at the highest Degree of Strength at which any Spirits can be made, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Malt,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and One Farthing be charged upon every Bushel of Malt, which shall be made in Great Britain, from Barley or any other Corn Qr Grain. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling and One Farthing be charged upon every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of

41 Malt,

Inhabited

Houses.

Windows*

306 6° Apr 1802.

Malt, or Retailer of Milt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar Maker, in Great which shall be in his Custody or Pofiession, or in the Custody or Pofiession of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in Trust for him, or for his Use or Benefit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Yearly Duty of Eight-pence in the round on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with the Household and other Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, which are or shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds and Upwards, and under Twenty Pounds by the Year; and an additional Yearly Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances as aforesaid, which are or shall be worth the Rent of Twenty Pounds and upwards, and under Forty Pounds by the Year; and an additional Yearly Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances as aforesaid, which are or shall be worth the Rent of Forty Pounds and upwards by the Year; which rcl'pective Duties shall be over and above any other Duties on such Inhabited Dwelling Houses, imposed according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raisir.g the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the several additional Yearly Duties following: For every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, shall contain the respective Number of Windows or Lights, herein after mentioned* that is to lay; for every such House and Offices, containing not more than Six Windows or Lights (except such Houses as shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds by the Year, and charged to any Rate or Duty, according to the Rent thereof) the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; for every such House and Offices, containing not more than Six Windows or Lights, where such House and Offices shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds or upwards, and shall be charged to any Rate, According to the Rent thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings; for every such House and Offices, containing not more than Seven Windows or Lights, the Sum of Four Shillings; if containing not more than Eight Windows or Lights the Sum of Nine Shillings; if containing not more than Nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Eleven Shillings; if containing not more than Ten Windows or Lights, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings; if containing not more than Eleven Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling; if containing not more than Twelve Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Four Shillings; if containing not more than Thirteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Seven Shillings; if containing not more than Fourteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings; if containing not more than Fifteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Thirteen Shillings; if containing not more than Sixteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Sixteen Shillings; if containing not more than Seventeen Windows or Lights, the Sum of One Pound Nineteen Shillings; if containing not more than Eighteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings; if containing not more than Nineteen Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Five Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Eight Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-one Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-two Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-three Windows or Lights, the Sum of Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Three Pounds; if containing not more than Twenty-five Windows or 2

Lights, the Sum of Three bounds Three Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-six Window's or Lights, the Sum of Three Pounds Eight Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-seven Windows or Lights, the Sum of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-eight Windows or Lights, the Sum of Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings; if containing not more than Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings if containing not more than Thirty Windows or Lights, the Sum of Four Pounds Eight Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-one W indows or Lights, the Sum of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings; if containing not moro 'than Thirty-two W indows or Lights, the Sum of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-three Windows or Lights, the Sum of Five Pounds Three Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Five Pounds Eight Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-five Windows or Lights, the Sum of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-six Windows or Lights, the Sum of Six Pounds; if containing not more than Thirty-seven Windows or Lights, the Sum of Six Pounds Seven Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-eight Windows or Lights, the Sum of Six Pounds Fourteen Shillings; if containing not more than Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Seven Pounds One Shilling \ if containing Forty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Forty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Eight Pounds Five Shillings; if containing Forty-five Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Forty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Nine Pounds Five Shillings; if containing Fifty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Fifty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Ten Pounds Five Shillings; if containing Fifty-five Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings; if containing Sixty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Sixty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Nineteen Shillings; if containing Sixty-five W indows or Lights, and not containing more than Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Twelve Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing Seventy Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Seventy-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Twelve Pounds Nineteen Shillings; if containing Seventy-five Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Thirteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing Eighty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Eighty-four Windows or Lights, the Sum of Thirteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings; if containing Eighty-five Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Eighty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Fourteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing Ninety Windows or Lights, and not containing more than Ninety-four W'indows or Lights, the Sum of Fourteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings; if containing Ninety-five W'indows or Lights, and not containing more than Ninety-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Ten Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Nineteen W'indows or Lights, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Twenty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Seventeen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Thirty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Forty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One

Hundred

42 Geo. III. 6°

Hundred'and Forty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Nineteen Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Fifty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Sixty Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings; if containing One Hundred and Seventy Windows or Lights, and not containing more than One Hundred and Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, the Sum of Twenty-two Pounds Nine Shillings-, and if containing One Hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards, the Sum of Twenty-two Pounds Two Shillings.

Male Servants. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Person who shall retain and employ any Male Servant or Servants within Great Britain (except Servants retained or employed solely for the Purpose of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Matter or Mistress of such Servants earn a Livelihood) the several additional Yearly Sums following; that is to say: For One Male Servant, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for Two Male Servants, the Sum of Eight Shillings each; for Three Male Servants, the Sum of Six Shillings each; for Four Male Servants, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings each; for Five Male Servants, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings each; for Six Male Servants, the Sum of Eighteen Shillings each; for Seven Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound each; for Eight Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound each; for Nine Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound and Two Shillings each; for Ten Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound and Six Shillings each; and for Eleven Male Servants, and upwards, the Sum of One Pound and Ten Shillings each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person carrying on any Trade, Manufacture, or Calling, by which he or she shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and every Person occupying Lands as the Tenant thereof, and respectively retaining and keeping any Male Servant or Servants, bona fide for the Purposes of such Trade, Manufacture, Calling, or Occupation, who shall lodge or board with his Matter or Mistress, and shall not be employed in any of the Capacities mentioned in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be charged, for each such Servant, the Yearly Sum of Ten Shillings.

Carriages. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaifc, Marine Chaise, with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or any Number thereof, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire, shall be charged with the several additional Yearly Sums following; that is to say: One such Carriage, and no more, the Sum of Eight Shillings for such Carriage; Two such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings for each; Three such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings for each; Four such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of One Pound Two Shillings for each; Five such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of One Pound Nine Shillings for each; Six such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of One Pound Eighteen Shillings for each; Seven such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence for each; Eight such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings for each; and Nine such Carriages, or more, the Sum of Three Pounds Six Shillings for each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Ca-lashes, Chaises, or Chairs, with Two or Three Wheels,

V' O L. 57.

TlltS. 307

drawn by One or more Horses, do cease and deter*

mine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Calash, Chaise, or Chair, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by One Horse, and no more, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Five Pounds Five Shillings for every such Calash, Chaise, or Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Calash, Chaise, or Chair, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Seven Pounds Seven Shillings for every such Calash, Chaise, or,

Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horse*. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep and use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Beilin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage is now, or hereafter may Oe called or known (for or in respect whereof any Rate, or Duty, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be payable) shall be charged with the several additional Yearly Sums following; that is to say: One Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, and no more, the Sum of Six Shillings for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding; and for Two ‘ Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or upwards, the Sum of " Ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding (not being charged with any Duty for such Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, as a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Callage is now, or hereafter may be called or known) or any Mulfe, shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty, of Two Shillings and Sixpence for each such Horse, Mare,: Gelding, or Mule.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dogs. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, or who shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Four Shillings for each Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, SettingDog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier; and also for each Dog where Two or more shall be so kept;' and every Peffoo Who shall inhabit any Dwelling Hdufe assessed to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep One Dog, and' no ttiord, such Dog not being a. Greyhound, Hound, Pointer1, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier,' shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Two Shillings for such Dog. '

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question feyendly put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought. ;iq upon the Two First of the said Resolutions: Ana that Mr. Henry -ander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John,

Mr. Pybus, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.' Nicholas and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr, Chancellor of the

Exchequer,

60 — -fApriUs. 1802.

Exchequer, Mr. John Mr. Lord George

'thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas , and Mr. Hiley Adding-

ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, instruaion*. ' Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, That they do make Provision therein for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Malt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, that they do make Provision therein for consolidating the Duties on Houses, Windows, Servants, Carriages, Horles, and Dogs, now agreed to by the House, with the Duties now payable thereon respectively.

Aftjfwgnnt- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the TwM^io'be 3®^ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-cou<idci«4. tuled, " An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, " Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon " Male Servants, Carriages, Horles, Mules, and Dogs; " and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional " Duties on Horses in Great Britain; and for exempting " from Duty Horles kept for the Purpose of Husbandry by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value," itoight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Rejbhed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Bill for *«Urf Sir William Young, according to Order, reported from ^omni'ttec of the whole House, to whom the Bill with Grenada, for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums fee. repeated, of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Cud Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

aiii respecting Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-Lands for cording to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Lands and Woolwich^ Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service (.resented. of His Majesty *s Ordnance at Woolwich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

k"mrrtofe0tt The House, according to Order, resolved itself into PcUtion of a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

s. . '

Bradford

Navigation

Company*

respecting

Lands in

Mortmain.

Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Bradford Navigation, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation* in Trustees* upon certain Trulls, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain.

And Mr. Wilberforce moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, veiling divers Estates in the Pari fit es of Bradford and Calve)ley, in the West Riding of the County of purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain-: And that Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry fafcelles, Mr. Nicholas V and Mr. John Smyth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

[f

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of th* Kelso Two whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and gn- &'niBfii, Sc° larging the Term and Powers of Two several Act? of- deferred, the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of TWo Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of- a Penny Sterling, upon every Sro/rPint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* Afrilis;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Banbury whom the Bill for amending, altering, improving, Road Bill, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turn- reported' pike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury, in the bounty of Oxford, to the Bridge crofting the River Stour, in Barchefion, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question

42 Geo. III.

7° Aprit

309

Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of House. Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Mr. Cornwallis do carry the Bill to the ingrossed. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

HenleyBrigde A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

Bri<lg*Ulham enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 9th Bca<is Bill, and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King committed. George the Second, and in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as tile same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and froth thence to Culham Bridge, and a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading t) Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis A/mar Spencer, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. jPetidon of A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of ^Abingdon Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was against i> presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of BlU* the said Bill; and Setting forth, That a Clause is in-

ferted in such Bill, for repealing or altering a Clause Contained in an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, recited in the said Bill, so far as the same extends to prohibit the Erection of a Turnpike or Toll Gate within the Distance of One Mile and an Half from the Market House, in the Town of Abingdon, in the Road leading from that Place towards Henley Bridge aforesaid; and that the Repeal or Alteration of the said Clause, so as to allow the Erection of a Turnpike or Toll Gate within the Distance aforesaid, will be injuriovis to the Petitioners, and a Breach of the Agreement between the Parties to the said Act of the 28th Year of his late Majesty, by which separate Districts of Road were constituted, with separate Trust tees and Creditors to the fame: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, with such Clause of Repeal or Alteration therein, may not be permitted to pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against any such Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, petition of A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Tnha-AbingdontSOf bitants of the Town of Abingdon, and Villages in the atpiiut D® Neighbourhood thereof, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That the said Bill, with such Clause of Repeal or Alteration therein, may not be permitted to pais into a Haw.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

passed.

Crmt Barton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bl"' the Whole-Year or Every-Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack l>ands, Heaths, Commonable I^ands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-Year or Every-Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, -VoL. 57.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, .

draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Bill,

Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish pallet, of Runham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, -

and preferring, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, "

Common^, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ;:

Runham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ah ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Stwfton Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, RlU'

Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of In the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill -for dividing, allotting, laying in ?pGi, Ief* Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commoji Fields, incisure Bill Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable paired.

Hinds and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Bradford to Order, a Bill for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes company's of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the Estates Bill, County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Pro- presented. prietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trulls, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according RanftiH, &c. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ranjhill, in the Parish of Blyth and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Leave granted the 19th Day of March last, was made from the Com- Notices mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ifleof 'oog* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees Road Bill, for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the same Acts, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

4 K Ordered

Maid ft one Hoad Bill* reported.

Petition in Favour of Chatham Poor Bill.

Inclosure

reported.

70 Apr His.

A. 1802.

'brdered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that grofled.

Notices may given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions

of the Peace to be holden for the County of;

and also at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London; and also Three Times in the Newspapers called the times, and the Morning Chronicle, in the present Month of April and in the Month of May

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Coroners Fet# Reading of the Bill for granting additional Fees and.

Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament posed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the* Second, and the other in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the present, or

" now"

1

87.

32-

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Mainwaring

tellers for the leas,£Mr Hgnry:

Tellers for the Noes *Mr> ShaW Lefevre>

tellers for the ^oes,^^, Be:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act for Relief 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, inti- of Spiritual tuled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Living, and from taking of Ferms, &c." might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Chatham, in the County of Kent; for raising Money for of the said Act

ill,

that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave, an the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the said Act.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 23 Acres, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 130 Acres, who was neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House according^-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, amend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Sir William

interfiled in the Inclosure consists of 1,342 Acres, or Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pitt, the Earl of Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee Euston, Sir William Dolben, Dr. Lawrence, Mr. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Mr. Gregor, and Dr. Duigenan, do prepare, and bring in, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report the fame.

10 the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Quantity of Malt upon which Duty ordered: has been paid, in that Part of Great Britain called j^tland!7m

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Scotland, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July upon, were agreed to by the House. 1801.

3 Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

7° dpri

Quantity of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an paid^uty^ Account of the Quantity of Barrels of Strong Beer on u» D*. which Duty has been paid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (not being Twopenny Ale mentioned in the Treaty of Union with Scotland) from the 5th of July 1783 to the 3th of July i8oii

King's Con- Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is EUingham, concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-&c. doling, the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lncloiure Bill. Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham,

Kirby Cans, and Ge/destone, in the County of Norfolk; which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty* having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Bill for railing Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac-Annuitirs cording to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-pretented!' five Millions, by way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Windows, &<: Duties Bill, p relented.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tittle Tomorrow Morning.

Be«r, tee. Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, ac-®*jj?*‘u» cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in, or imported into, Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great j

and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Malt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Bill The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Expe'ce^n'8 *nto Further Consideration the Report from the Com-Eltctions, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal fidered C°n* mucfi an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of

the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the tame from serving in Parliament; and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Rrp°rt on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ftmher Ton' further Consideration the Report from tire Committee

fidered. Vol. 57.

31 *

of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to corifider of the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, and report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiod . severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the Lord G Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Corry, and Lord Viscount.

Ca/llereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Glenhervie presented to the House, accord- Co^I,^rade ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Prices at which presented. Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. Clerk Account* of

to the London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, *£^do"Flour Meal, and Bread, attended at the Door; he was called prefcated! in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies received and applied by the London Company, from the ill Day of January 1801 to the 31st Day of December 1801, both inclusive; and of the Debts and Credits of the Company on the said 31st Day of

cember: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Quantities of Wheat and Flour bought by the London Company on each Day when Purchases were made, and of the Prices paid for the lame, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1801, inclusive; shewing, also the Quantities in Store, both of Grain, and of Flour and Meal, on the last Day of each Month in the Year 1801 , and the Quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the Company in the Year 1801: And also,

N° 3. Lift of the Proprietors of the London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread; shewing also, the Number of Shares (of £. 25) held by each on the 31st Day of December 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, e eire to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way*an4 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Tfie Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Aas for consider of certain Acts, made in the 38th and 41st ^d"ffofTaxe,

Years dilch.irgrJ.

A. 180a.

Bill respectipr, Kinds for Ordnance a* Woolwich, committed.

KcllO Two Pennies Sects, See. Bill, deferred.

Binhurv Rend Bill, pdfled.

ICrnipllon Inclosure Bill, p.cled.

I with

Nc^ 1 ‘i'd I.t*-diUC Bill,

312 70 — 8° Aprilis.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Duties on. Houses, Windows, and Lights, and upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horles, Mules, and Dogs, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, was (according to Order) read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, of the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis^ 8* die Aprilis \

Anno 420 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1802.

Mosses, within the Manor or Townlhlp of with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appro* priating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Charles Banbury reported from the Com- ^^'rtoa mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a inXfure gin, certain Piece or Parcel, of Common Pasture Land, called reported. SothertonMoor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied withi and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at £. 14. $s. 10 d, per Annum, who refuted to sign the Bil(; and also, except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed at £. 4 per,

who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the land Tax at £.330. 3*. 9d. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout -, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horle Fair, in the Town of Bam bury, in the County of Oxford, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour, in Barchejion, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe, in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes, in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Siouijin the Parish of Barchejion, in the said County of IVurwick.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kernpston, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable I.ands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kern pston. in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Osborn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing; and appropriating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walpole's for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honour- ^te B1U* able Richard Walpole, to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fciiinglwnt* the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Inc'ol"ur* Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, 1 'p e within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and Geldeflone, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and Geldestone, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, accord- Surrey anJ ing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the olds

25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King present«d. George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Stiffand several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Hmrgrave _ An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

faffed.Ure and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Har, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Place?, within the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

inciofare re-" Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, committed to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bill, reported, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Wide Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkfton Hoy land, and

thorne, in the Parish of in the West Riding of

the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Kemmford Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure Bill, the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more reported. effectual, an Act, pasted in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common " Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of and

" Dryffteld, in the County of Gloucester," and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Application does not come within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure Bills, inasmuch as the Bill is not for inclosing, draining, or 'improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates act'dTed to the Land Tax at £. 9. 18 r. 2d. per /In;: ion, who were neuter; and all'o, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at 1. 8 per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afi'efied to the Land Tax at £.329. 1 per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppoie the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bill to amend Sir William Scottpreionted to the House, according

Aa for Belief Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual, an

Pfrions^ Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry

presented. the Eighth, intituled, "Spiritual Persons abridged from

" having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of " Ferms, fee.:" And the same was received; and read the Firil 'I'inie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read- a Second Time -To-morrow Mornings

Voi„ 57.

The House was molted, That the Petition of the Lord Petition for Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens of the City of JOublin, which was prefeqted to the House ypon Friday pipe water, iaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table* might be £*"*4 to again read. Cw>tt«.

And the same being read accordingly; £ \ V,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Beresford, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fehd for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller The Lord* Pepys and Mr. Ridley: h»veagreed»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Ellesmere for repealing lb much of an Act; passed in the Thirty- Canal BilL third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, ifi the County of " Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, ia " the County of Chester; and also for making and maixv " taining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended " Canal," as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak,

Culm, Lime, or Lime Stone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raile a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the making of the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dundee Tw® for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Penn^1Scots Acts, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies upon every

Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lahercoft for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Com- inclosUre mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of ntain, Walton Wood, Asherton, and ,all in the

Parish of Lanercoft, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ^nUcesPBilU mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to require further the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several c0'nfldtred-Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices; was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon; with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by tlui House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. , .

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wedtiefday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the Second Bill for railing Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-five ^u»by Millions by Way of Annuities, be now read. comraittedu

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning,

4 L resolve

fcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

x rvjnfs, Mr. Nicholas Vanfittarl presented to the House, ao

bui/' cording t6 Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty presented. certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs *, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Art. relative ' The House was moved,-That an Act, made in the Deb* to be'*'*1 2^* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, couiidered. "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, " at the End of every Quarter of a Year; to be by them " applied to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

K The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of " Four Hundred- Thou land Pounds, to be issued and " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1,4 England, to be by them placed to the Account of the " Commissioners for the Kcduftion of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contiderof the said Acts.

"Windows, ire. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ‘Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refdlved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hoyfe.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

B«r, ice. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed*' Riding of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into. Great Britain -, and on Spirits dillilled in Ireland, and imported into Great; for

repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excite on Beer, Ale, and Malt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comfnittce of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Com Trade Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second B,l*» Reading of the Bill for regulating the Prices at which committe . Qra;n> Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, be

" now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

W

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

"upon the Bill for veiling Certain Lands and Heredita- ordnance it ments in Trustees, for promoting the Sendee of His Woolwich. Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cony presented to the House; by His Majesty's Estim-itr*-

Command, iHanli"*

An Estimate of the Expence of Civil Buildings in presented i Ireland, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of civil Buiitf-January 1803: And also, ,ngs"

An Estimate of the Expence of the Trustees of the Linen and Linen and Hempen Manufactures of that Part of the MeinRen ,vfa* United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the nu J urcs‘ 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Board of First Fruits Board of First in Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January Fruits<

1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803.

Mr; Cony also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Fever Hospital in Fever Dublin, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 HoiP,ul" to the 5 th Day of January 1803: And also.

An Estimate of the Expences of the Corporation for paving, &c. paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin, Dublin, for the Service of One Year, from the 5 th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803.

And the Titles of the said Ellimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Ellimates are inserted in the Appendix to ApptnJix, this Volume. (No. 52.)

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for Nuneaton dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and inclosure Bill, Waste Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nun- pJ e ' eaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of IVan nick; and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called 'The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece, be now read the Third Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of Warvoick and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon e 1

42 Geo. Ill,

8 — 90

m

Motion for an Instruction, JNcg.

Reported,

upon the Bill for the rrtore effectually distinguishing and relieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preferring of the Lives of adjudged Bastards.

The Hotife was moved. That an Act; rtiade in the 7th Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for administering the Oath, of Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women Recuiants," might be read*

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That it be an Instruction to the luid Committee, That they have Power to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Imprisonment of any Woman who shall have a Ballard that may be chargeable to the Parish, to the House of Correction for the Term of One whoie Year;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Shazv Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr« Shazv Lefevrereported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rq>ort, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken irito further Consideration upon Thursday the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as (Hall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of,

for the Year 1802.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Office ot Secretary to the Commissioners for Charitable Donations and Becjueils in fjr One Year,

from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803.

Mr. Corn pro fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Expence of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for the Year 1802: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Beijuefts in Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day at January 1803.

And the Titles of the said Eltiinates were read. Ordered, That the said Eltimaies do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the House.

The said Ellimates are mlerted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to &c?Bfu, SCOtS' whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term deterred*. and Powers of Two several Acts of the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, VoL. 57.

Eft i mites respecting Ireland, ordered i Wide Street* in Dublin.

Secretary to Commissioners of Charitable Donations.

Efti mates presented:

Wide Streets iu Dublin.

Secretary to (oinmiijion-

er$ of

Charitable

Donations.

Appendix,

(No. 53.)

Kel so Two

or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every.

Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Sk ' / 1 - 1 - a' , - .

Veneris^ xf die Aprilis;

Anno 4a'0 Georgii lltiu Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. James Lowtker reported from the Committee; WhHehmn

to whom the Bill to explain, amend, alter, and fr

enlarge the Powers of several Acts, palfed concerning re-eotftmfo«d. the Harbour of Whitehuven, in the County of land> and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through-the Bill; and made several Amend* ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; an*l he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the skid Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, iipdh Report on the ill Day of this Inftdnt April, wls made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Com-r pany of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter the Lines of the said Cdn&l; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal, was re* committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideratiod.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to -the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794}

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into fur* ther Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said'

Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclose Baldwin ing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin

Brightwell, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and indoling, 'the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin Brightwell, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

>jgatioa Sill, further considered.

InclosureBil^ patted.

vf Aprilis, A. i 8o3>

conmefby Jtfr. Harr if on reported from the Committee, to whom

reported1811 ' the BUI for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Archie fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonabl? and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Co-Hjujiiy, ii> the County of was committed; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclose, had been complied with i and that the Committee had examined Jtbe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate assess'ed to the Land Tax at f,i. 4 per num, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 10. 12 s. per Annum, who were neuter and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at f. 242. 8 s. per Annum; and that no Person appeared hetore the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-untp, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Ohce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questionleverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Burdou be added to the Gentle-fn^Tickieum1 merV w are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, imioiureBiU. pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable John Bowes Earl of Strathmore, Lord of the Manor of Mickleton, in the Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York.

"Member Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from ^e Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allot-ciecichLton ting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and inclosure Bill. Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of

Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cleekheaton, in the Parish of Birftall, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the added to bring Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Incioiure' Bill! in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, en Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in in

ness, in the County of York.

Y- tition for A Petition of the Inhabitants of several Parishes in pinion m jjie Xorth and South Marshes, in the County of

Bill, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; 'l'aking Notice of the Bill for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Pa-fishes or Chapelrics of Rodney-Stoke,

U 'edmore, Altar, ll eare, Nv/and,

Rajl Brent, South Brent, Compton

Bishop, 1.ox ton, Bleu don, Berrow, and Lympjha

all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, tVeare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon; and Setting forth, That no Provision is made in the said Bill for the ErcClion of Bridges at Hobs-Boat, in the Parish o and at White

House, in the Puiilh of Raft Brent, in the said County, where there ate now ancient Fords for the Benefit of Communication between a large Number of Parishes, i

several Markets, Fairs, &c. which must be destroyed by the intended deepening of the River Axe, and which, if destroyed, will be of great Detriment to the Petitioners, and to the Community at large t And therefore pray- ing. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for erecting Bridges at the said Passages or Fords, to secure to the Petitioners their ancient Rights and Privileges, and to promote the Benefits and Interests of the Public; and that, if Two Bridges cannot be granted, the Petitioners deem the one at Hobs-Boat to be the moll beneficial to the Public.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House t

And it is referred to Mr. Ditk Lord - George Thynne, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, silkiw, &. c. the Open Fields, Melne Inclosures, Commons, and incioiure Bill, Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Ma- p*.e nors and Townships of Si/kflone, Hoyland and

Cawthorue, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste '

Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkstone, Hoyland Swaine, and Cawthome, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and &c" Bin, ° enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts of furt]?*r . the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of coni e the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

AmHhe Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being ll-verally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobhouse presented to the House, according to Cardington Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented. ' Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Beresford reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and ^‘PP'y'ng.. Citizens, of the City of Dublin, was referred; That the pipe Water, Committee had examined, and found that no Notices reported, had been given of the said Application, the same not being within the Standing Orders of the House respecting Ireland-, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, tQ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

42 Geo. III. p° Aprilis. 317

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Act s made in the 15th, 16th, 19th, 20th, and 28th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Pipe Water of the City of were read: — And,

Mr. John Carleton being examined, laid, That since the passing of the said Acts, the said City has been increasing in Extent, and has of late Years considerably extended to the Northward and Eastward, and to a great Distance from the present Bason or Reservoir, for supplying the said City with Pipe Water: That the Works to supply the same have been necefi'arily extended, at a great additional Expence, which the present high Rates of Labour, Prices oi Timber, and other Materials, have greatly increased: That the Rates which the Petitioners arc, by the said recited Acts, empowered to receive, have been found so inadequate to the Expences attending the keeping of the said Works in Repair, that the Petitioners have sustained an Annual Lois of about £. 1,200, and muff, in futurej sustain even a more considerable Loss, unless the House shall be pleased to increase the Rates, so as to meet the necessary Expences of the said Establishment. — And the Witness further said. That many Parts to which the City has lately extended are so remote from the present Source from which the said City is served with Water, and lo elevated, that it is with great Difficulty the Inhabitants of those Parts are even partially l'upplied with Water, and cannot be effectually supplied unless the Petitioners are enabled to extend their Works beyond their present Limits.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose: And that Mr. Beresford, Mr. Foster, Mr. Ogle, and Mr. John Claudius Beresford, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mrdwajr Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to

Petition0* whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names reported. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the King's Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent,- and of the Owners and Freighters of Craft, Hop Planters, and Traders, on the River Medway, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 32d Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway from the '1 own of Maidfone, through the several Parishes of -

/lone, Boxley, Ailing ton, and in the County of

Kent, was read, whereby certain Trustees were appointed for carrying the same into Execution; and, for the more expeditious Performance of the several Works requisite for that Purpose, they were authorized to borrow the Sum of £.8,000 on Mortgage of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties, by the said Act granted: — And,

Mr. Thomas Atkins being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progress therein, and executed many of the Works thereby directed, and have for that Purpose borrowed and expended the Whole of the said Sum of £.8,000, and also incurred several considerable Debts, which they are unable to discharge; nor will they be able effectually to improve the Navigation of the said River Medway under the Provisions of the Vol. 57.

said Act. — And the Witness further said, That the good Purposes of the said Act would be better efiefted, if, instead of the same being executed by Trustees, the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities requisite, were veiled in, and executed by, a Company of Proprietors. —

Then,

Mr. George Burn being examined, said, That the several Persons possessed of the Mortgages so granted by the said Trustees on the Credit of the said Rates or Duties, are willing and delirous to become Members of such Company, and that the several Sums due to them on such Mortgages should be made Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and that several other Persons are willing and delirous to subscribe towards railing a Sum sufficient for carrying into Effect the good Purposes of the said Act, by a Company of Proprietors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 32d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone,. Boxley, and

Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River: And that Sir William Geary, Sir Matthew Bloxam, and General De Lancey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Kent street 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- '

pairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dart-ford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting, and watching or guarding a certain Part thereof; -and also for increasing the Compensations which, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, are payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul,

Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads; and also, for exonerating the Trustees of the said Roads from the Repair and Management of so much of the Branch Road, leading from the Stones End in Bermmdfey Street to the Turnpike Gate at or near Saint Thomas-a-Waterings, in the County of Surrey, as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and placing the same under the Repair and Management of the Trustees for putting in Execution another Act, passed in the 38th Yeas of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road or Street from Free School Street, Southwark, to -head, and other Roads therein described, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dart-ford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting, and watching or guarding the fame; and also, for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Micklet Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4 M Mr.

Ockhnton I mi 1 " lire Bill, icported.

Setberson Moor J.,define Dill,

pulled.

Ti;! 1 to «tnrnd r\ct for Relief of spirit u;il

IVi Ions, committed.

Manure Bill, ordered.

P vnppr in ted for v ond

f ",'r r <.f

Mu..» I'.r. ini; ard lUrbour Kill.

9° Apri

A. 1802.

Mr. Bunion reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Di-vffion or Hamlets of deck heat on and , in the Ma-

nor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of in the Wed Hiding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found tint the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Elutes assess'ed to the Land Tax at £. 2. 5 3 Id.

who rcfuled to sign the Bill; and allb, the Proprietors of Estates atlcfted at £.4. 16 9 d. who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interfiled in the Inclosure is afi'efled to the Land Tax at £.42. 175. i{d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee hud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sot her* tQu Aloor, in the Parish of Sin the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of t.Ferms, &c." be now read.

‘ And the said Order being read accordingly;

.; The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

; Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses in the Sale and Admcaiurement of Soot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure: And that Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

St.John, and Mr. Osborn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for cleansing the Ports, " Harbours, and Rivers, of the City of Cork, and of " the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, " and for erecting a Ballast Office in each of the said " Cities and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, " cleanin'.*:,.lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, 1 8

" I janes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County " of Sligo;for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said

" Town; for fbpplying the said Town with Pipe Water;

" and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof;" and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo-, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, be read a Second Time upon Monday the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Re- Bin respecting port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ordnance at the Bill for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments Woolwich, in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's rePorted' Ordnance at Woolwich, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to oy the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, according to Bil1re(pe£Hng Order, a Bill to amend the Laws, for the better Regu- ^anufacture lation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland: And the of Ireland, same was received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fsumby*^* upon the Bill for raffing the Sum of Twenty-five Mil- Annuities, lions, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the; fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the- Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

43 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

3J9

Bill to con- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 3 7th ftriifionsfon* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An J*ayment$ by " Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, wdcmL^ " Restri<ftion contained in tfre Minute of Council " of the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by " the Bank," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for confirming and for a.

". limited Time, the Refa contained in the Minute of " Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of February One " fandSeven hundred and , on Payments of

" Cash by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Re-Unctions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

» The Houl'c was also moved. That an Act, made in

the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and continue until One - " Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the " Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Session " of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh " Years of H is present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one,

" videlicet, on the Twenty-second of June One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for the Restriction " on Payments of Cacti by the Bank," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Restrictions contained in the said Acts, on Payments in Calli by the Bank: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Bragge, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lords have agreed to

Barn (ley Road

Bill.

A Message from the- Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnfiey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also, the Road from the Guide Post in to a

Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of in the said

County; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhos-hir-zvaun, situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llaufaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County of Carnarvon-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams, Esquire, deviled by the Will of Peck ham Williams, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to rcldlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And tire laid Order being read accordingly;

'Vol. 5;. . - .

Khos-hir-Waun inclo-luxc Bill.

Trite Lorch have passed

Williams's

tibue Bill.

Means.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Account of Duties on Exports and Imports, and Tonnage of Shipping, commonly called The Convoy Duty, from its Commencement to its Termination; distinguishing each Year; distinguishing the Duties on Imports, on Exports to Europe, and Exports to Countries out of Europe, and Tonnage respectively; and distinguishing the Duties on Sugat, which, by an Act of the last Session, were made permanent, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Accounts Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he was Presenteds called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Duties on Malt, from the End of the Year 1795 to the 5th of Malt*

July 1801; distinguishing the Produce of each Duty, and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Malt on which Duty Quantity of has been paid, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of Duty.pald July 1801; distinguishing each Year; with an Average of the Whole: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Hops on which Duty Do of Hops, has been said, from the 5th July 1783 to the 5th July 1801; distinguishing each Year; with a general Average of the Whole: And also,

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong D« of Strong Beer, for which Duty has been paid, brewed from the Been 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1801; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 54.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Servants, Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, committed, and Dogs, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Beer, See. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon

320

9° — 10" jlprilis. A. 1802.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; for

rqx'aling certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excite on Beer, Ale, and Malt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered ', That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bill.n Tride to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third TimeTomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the Time for Bill for Relief the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Perl'ons connected with, and with Grenada, trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was &e- P*®^. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain'Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to several Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Ordered, That Mr. Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1 o°;

Anno 42* Georgii III*U-Regis, 1802.

Committer of

Supply.

Eltiinates, See. rei pedting Ir< l end, referred:

Civil

Buildings. Linen and

H'-r.ipen M.in u tact ures.

Br» ud of First \ ruits.

Petitions re-fp'ttir.g cer-l ,.n Fthbliili-

j. Mt' in Ireland.

>re-Uuve thereto

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, from the 5th of "January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Oldered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented to this House upon the 24th Day of March last, and the 2d Day of this -Inltant April, relative to the Fever Hulpital in Dublin — the Paving of Dublin — the making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin — and the Petition of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequells in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Estimates which were, Yesterday, presented to this House, relative to the Subject Matters of the said Petitions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Prayers.

MR. Amyatt reported- from the Committee, to whom stockfcridge the Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, the and W"' Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the 41st Year Bill, reputed! of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester; and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's CaflleDown, near the Town of Bishops IValtham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester through Ot~ terborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and humble Petition of Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking against Bangor Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, improving, Road* Bill, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, PorthaethwyFerry, otherwise called Bangor

in

42 Geo. III. lob Aprilit. 321

in the County of Carnarvon, to, or hear to, Pent re Foelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh; and Setting forth. That some of the Provisions in the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and others: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counfei; or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief as the House shall think proper; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now Rands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,' That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Chatham Poor Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, Bill, reported. to wilom the gj|j for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent-, for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuefd Morning next. Counsel or- The House was moved. That the Petition of the several thw cot" aer- Persons* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being iag the Re- Owners and Occupiers of Hereditaments and Premises, port. and Parishioners, of the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of Marchlaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report of the said Bill, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consuleration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by them-lelves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Port of Sir John William Anderson presented to the House,

improvement according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Advance-Rjii, ment of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated presented. Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more commodious, and for better regulating, the " Port of Londonwere directed to be made and done

by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Temple Bar, Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, Im Movement accort^ng *° Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of nj^il>ve Money lor carrying into Execution Three several Acts,

presented. passed in the 35th, 38th, and in the 39th and 40th

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of . near ‘Temple Bar-, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snoxa Hill-, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Pur-\0L.57.

poses-; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do make the Report from Abbott, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allot- indd\IreBlll, ting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, xrporui. Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, . within the Parish of Abbotts Morton, in the County of Wore eft er, was committed.

Mr. Savile accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnflone be added to the Gen- Member tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the K^mghwn, Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Drainage intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds " and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships,

" and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingh

" and Camerton, Burjlwick, and Burton

" sea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Oivflwick,

" Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunflall, Waxhohne, Leliey,

" Humbleton, Fitting, Hilflone, Garton,

" and Tanjlerne, within the Seigniory of and

" East Riding of the County of York f and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes,

Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships,

Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively.

Mr. Johnflone presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds and " Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and " Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill, and " Camerton, Butflwick, and Skeckting, and

" Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfliam, Owflwick, Roofs, Rimswell, Tunflall, Waxholme, E/flernwick, Humbleton,

" Fitting, Hilflone, Garton, Albrough, Ftinton, and " within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of " the County of York-," and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of a certain Petition of Common Meadow called Sand ford Mead, in the Hamlet siiatord" of Sand ford, in the Parish of Saint Helen, in the County Mead, to be of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common Meadow, containing, by &cf ' Estimation, Thirty Acres or thereabouts, adjoins to a Inclosure Bill, certain Open and Common Field called Field,

4 N i*

A. 1802.

Knotting Road bill, reported.

KMter;r£

X'.m<1 i.ill, r

io° Aprilis.

in the Hamlet of Sbppon, in the Parish of Saint Helen aforesaid, being Part of the Lands mentioned in the N 01 ice of the intended Application to Parliament, for a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Abingdon Lauds and Fields, in the Hamlet of Shippon aforeliud; and that the said Common Meadow, called Sanford Mead, is subject to a Right of Common, by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Hamlet of Shippon only, and not of the Pro* prietors of Land in the said Hamlet of Sand fordand the same was intended, as well by the Proprietors thereof, as by the Proprietors of Land in entitled to

Right of Common therein, to be included in the said Bill; but, in conference of the Solicitor of the said Bill not knowing the said Meadow was subject to such Right of Common, or the Intention of the Parties intereiled in the said intended Division and Inclosure, the said Meadow was not comprized in the said Notice, or the Petition presented to the House for Leave to bring in the said Bill, although the said Meadow is situate in the said Parish of Saint Helen; and that, if the said Meadow called Sand ford Mead was divided and inclosed, the same would be much improved in Value: And therefore praying, That the Standing Order of the House, lo far as relates to giving Notices, may be dispensed with; and that 1/eave may be granted to give Notice, for Three successive Sundays, on the Church Door of the Parish of Saint Helen aforesaid, of the Intention of the Parties interested to comprehend the said Meadow called Sand ford Mead, with the other Lands mentioned in the aforesaid Notice; and that the Operation and Powers of the said Bill may extend to the said Meadow called Sand ford Mead, in order that the same may be divided and inclosed with the said other Lands in the said Parish of Saint Helen, under such Regulations and Re drift ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the fconsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matt.cr thereof; and report the lame, as it shall Ippear to them, to the I Ioule:

- And it is referred to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. George Vanftttart,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dickitts reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill- for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Iarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Jloacl from IVcJhvood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in jhc County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seag Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. -....

Mr. Dichins reported from the Committee, to whom

tqe Bill lor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed ip ‘ 7

the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 13th and 2ill Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing.and widening, or re-building,

the said Sherrington Bridge, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for veiling certain Lands Billrespecttng and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Ser- i-a"ds for

r, i,. n, 1 Ordnance

vice ot His Majesty s Ordnance at Wooranch, was, ac- at Woolwich,

cording to Order, read the Third Time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- -Accounts of counts, which were presented to the House upon BCer*&c?ta Monday last, by Mr. Planner (from the Commissioners be printed, of Excile) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of tire House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, inUruftion for who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or ^"reare of the Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon 'Tuesday Duties oa last, were reported from the Committee of the whole income. House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the Duties on Income, and accounting for the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill for railing from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Annuities Bill for raising the Sum of Twenty-five Millions, by way reported. of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to ihe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the- Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday.Morning next, if the- said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Windows, &c. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ‘

Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dip rested him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

42 Geo. III.

10

Aprilis.

2$

Report in his Place-; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second d ime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to By the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said i Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report Ways from the Committee of the whole House,. to whom it *n<1M€ans* was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the ltefolu-tions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

t. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several new and additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, imported or brought into Great Britain, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies; .

ARTICLES.

Duty.

Adianthum Nigrum, the Hundred Pounds Agaric, the Pound

Alkanet Root, the Hundred Epunds -Alkermes Syrup, the Pound -Almonds, viz.

----- ---- Bitter Almonds, the Hundred Weight -

----- ---- Jordan Almonds, the Hundred Weight

----- ---- of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

Aloes, viz.

---- Epatica, the Hundred Pounds -

Suecotrina, the Hundred Pounds -

Alum, the Hundred Weight Alum, viz. Roch Alum, the Hundred Weight -Amber, Rough, the Hundred Pounds Anacardium, the Hundred Pounds -Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the Barrel, containing 16 Pounds of Fish Angelica Root, the Hundred Pounds - -

Annotto, the Hundred Pounds -Antimonium, viz.

----- ----- --Grudum, the Hundred Weight

Preparatum, the Hundred Pounds -

Apples, the Bushel

----- -- Dried, the Bushel - - - - .

Aqua Fortis, the Hundred Weight ....

Argol, the Hundred Weight - -

Ariftolochia, the Hundred Pounds - -

Arrow Root, the Hundred Pounds -

Arsenic, the Hundred Weight ——

Afarum Root, the Hundred Pounds -Ashes, viz.

-> — - Pearl Ashes, the Hundred Weight - r

----- Pot Ashes, the Hundred Weight -

— . Soap Ashes, the Hundred Weight - -

---- Weed Ashes, the Hundred Weight ..

----- Wood Ashes, the Hundred Weight -

Afphaltus, the Hundred Pounds - -

Aflafoetida, the Hundred Pounds - - - - »

Balls, viz. Washing Balls, the Hundred Pounds -Balks. See Wood.

Balsam, viz.

----- --Artificial Balsam, the Pound -

— — Canada Balsam, the Pound ----- - - Copaivae, the Pound ——

— Natural Balsam, the Pound -

Barilla, the Hundred Weight ——

Bark, viz.

— --- Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuit's Bark, the Hundred Pounds

----- Oak Bark, the Hundred Weight

Vol. 57.

the Band - - - ‘ -

Baskets, viz.Hand Baskets, the Dozen Battens. See Wood.

Bayberries, the Hundred Weight Beads, viz.

----- Amber Beads, the Pound -

- Coral Beads, the Pound - -

c s. d:

0 3 8

0 0 2

- 0 i 8

- 0 0 2

- 0 2 3

- 0 1 0

0 3 0

m 0 3 8

m 0 4 10

0 2 6

- 0 1 1

m 0 7 0

0 1 0

9 t 6

0 i to

1 i 3

0 1 6

0 4 6

0 0 i

- 0 0 6

- 0 3 3

- 0 2 3

0 3 6

- 0 9 0

0 A 3

0 4 6

0 X 6

- 0 X 6

- 0 0 10

- 0 0 10

- 0 d lo

0 10 0

- 0 $ 6

0 4 5

0 0 3

0 0 a

- 0 c 4

m 0 0 X

0 1 10

0 10 0

- 0 0 3

at

0 0 a

- 0 0 3

m 0 t 0

m 0 X X

0 4 6

Beech

324

io° Aprilis.

A.

ARTICLES.

Beech Quarters. See Wood.

Beer or Ale, the Barrel of 32 Gallons - - - - *

Beer, viz.Spruce Beer, the Barrel of 32 Gallons -Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bell Metal, the Hundred Weight ——

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen ——

Blacking, the Hundred Weight - -....

Blubber. See Oil.

Boards. See Wood.

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

---- Bound Books, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Unbound Books, the Hundred Weight

Botargo, the Pound ——

Bottles, viz.

----- Glass Bottles, the Dozen Quarts ——

----- -Stone Bottles, the Dozen Quarts ——

Boxwood. See Wood.

Boxes, viz.

---- Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing iz Dozen Nests, each Nell containing Eight Boxes -

---- Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Four Boxes ——

- — Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Boxes -

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brazil Wood. See Wood.

Brazilletto Wood. See Wood.

Brimstone, the Hundred Weight -Bridles, viz.

----- Drelfed, the Dozen Pounds ——

----- Rough or undressed, the Dozen Pounds -

Brooms, viz. Whiflt Brooms, the Dozen ——

Bugle, viz. /

---- Great Bugle, the Hundred Pounds ——

---- Small Bugle, the Hundred Pounds ——

Bullion, or Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver. Free.

Bullrulhes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles -

Burrs for Mill Stones, the Hundred ——

Cables, tarred or untarred, the Hundred Weight -

Cam Wood. See Wood.

Cambogium, or Gutta Gambia, the Hundred Pounds - -

Camphire, viz.

----- -- Refined, the Pound ——

----- -- Unrefined, the Pound -

Candles, viz.

--- — Tallow Candles, the Hundred Weight -

----- - Wax Candles, the Hundred Pounds

Canes, viz. Reed Canes, the Thousand ——

Cantharides, the Pound - -

Capers, the Hundred Pounds - -

'CardemomS, the Hundred Pounds ——

Carpets, viz.

— ---- Turkey Carpets, containing Four Yards square, or upwards, the

Carpet -

----- ----- - --- containing less than Four Yards square the

Carpet ——

Carrabe, the Pound ——

Calks, empty, the Ton ——

Calfia, viz.

---- Fiftula, the Hundred Weight.

---- Lignea, the Hundred Pounds ——

Caftorcum, the Pound - -

Caviar, the Hundred Weight - -

Cheese, the Hundred Weight ——

Cherries, the Hundred Weight -

Cyder, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Cinnamon, the Pound ——

Cloves, the Pound ——

Cochineal, the Pound ——

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight ——

Coculus India;, the Pound - -

Coffee, the Hundred Weight ——

Coloquintida, the Pound - -

Colours for Painters, the Pound - -

Duty.

c . s. d.

0 1 2

0 3 4

0 0 9

0 1 6

0 2 3

0 11 4

0 5 8

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 2 3

0 1 6

0 0 5

0 1 0

0 3 8

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 8 4

0 10 6

0 2 ,4

0 *9 6

0 2 4

0 10 10

0 0 2.

0 0 2.

0 2 1.

0 10 0

0 4 3

0 0 9

0 4 2

0 10 0

0 6 8

0 5 0

0 0 1

0 0 id

0 1 8

0 10 0

0 0 3

0 2 4

0 1 0

0 3 4

0 11 0

0 0 s

0 0 3

0 0 10

0 3 4

0 0 2

0 4 0

0 0 2

0 0 2

Comfits,

1802.

42 Geo. Ill,

io'

ARTICLES.

325;

Comfits, the Pound Copper, viz.

Ore, the Hundred Weight

i.

it

Duty. jC‘ &

— Part Wrought, the Hundred Weight

— L'nwrought, the Hundred Weight. -Wire. See Wire.

Copperas, viz.

- ----- ----- -Green, the Hundred Weight

----- ----- -White, the Hundred Weight

Coral, viz.

----- in Fragments, the Pound k

----- Whole, poliflied, the Pound -

--- Whole, unpoliOied, the Pound -

Cordage, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Cork, the Hundred Weight -Corks, ready made, the Grois, containing I 2 Dozen Corn and Grain. Free.

Cortex, viz.

*---- Elatheria?, the Hundred Weight - *

----- ---- Limonum, the Hundred Pounds

----- --- Simarouba, the Pound -

----- -Winteranus, the Hundred Pounds

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. SeeYarn.

Cowitch, the Pound -

Cream of Tartar, the Hundred Weight Crystal in broken Pieces for Physical Uses, the Pound Currants, the Hundred Weight -

Dates, the Hundred Weight - -

Daucus Creticus, the Pound - -

Deals. See Wood.

Diptamus Leaves, the Pound - - -t

Down, the Hundred Pounds - -

Earthen Ware, viz-.

- Brickstones, the Thousand -

----- ----- --- — Galley Tiles, the Hundred Feet.

- ----- ----- --Pantiles, the Thousand

----- ----- --Paving Tiles, the Thousand -

Ebony. See Wood.

Eels, the Ship Load - -

Klcborus, the Hundred Pounds -Elephants Teeth, the Hundred Weight F.lienee of Lemons, the Pound -

Euphorbium, the Hundred Pounds -Feathers, viz-.

Oftridge Feathers, dressed, the Pound *

- Oftridge Feathers, undressed, the Pound -

----- --- for Beds, the Hundred Weight

Fechia Brugiata, the Hundred Weight Fenugreek, the Hundred Weight - »

Figs, the Hundred Weight * - -

Fir Quarters. See Wood.

Fire Wood. See Wood.

Fish, viz. Fresh Fish British-tvikzn, and imported in British-bxiiXt Ships or Vessels. Free.

Flax, viz.

--- Dressed, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Rough or undressed, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight

Flores Chamaemeli, the Hundred Pounds -

Frankincenle, the Hundred Weight ——

Furrier's Waste, the Hundred Weight -

Fuftic. See Wood.

Galbanum, the Pound ——

Galls, the Hundred Weight Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the Hundred Pounds ——

Ginger, the Hundred Weight ——

Ginger Green, the Pound ——

Ginfang, the Hundred Pounds ——

Glass broken, the Hundred Weight ——

Glover's Clippings, the Hundred Weight -

Glue, the Hundred Weight ——

Guinea Grains, the Hundred Pounds ——

Guinea Pepper, the Hundred Pounds - - _ - -

Vol. 57. 4O

w t* O 1 0

- - - O 0 8

- - - O 11 a

O 4 3

- - O 0 3

- - O 1 10

- - O 0 2

O 3 6

- - M O 1 9

* - i* 4 I 6 0

O 0 9

‘ 4 ' O 0 1

O 1 6

- - - O 1 3

- wm - O 0 2

O 6 0

4 O 0 1

- - - O 4 0

- - O 0 2

- - - O 1 6

L - O 4 4

O 0 2

- / m - O 0 2

L m O 7 10

- - - - O 0 8

- - O 1 0

- - - - O 2 10

4 O 3 0

- - - to 2 l7 8

O 2 1

- - O 18 0

O 0 3

* m 6 2 0

V m 1 2 0

A 4 - - 0 3 7

- - - 0 6 5

- - - 0 1 3

- - - 0 0 10

- - - - a 2 3

O 7 3

- I 5 3

- O 3 4

m O 1 0

- O 6 9

O 0 2

O 5 0

wm O 2 2

- O 1 10

- O 0 2

- O 6 0

4 O 0 4

m O 1 6

- O 2 0

- O 2 2

O 2 4

Gum,

336 io0 jiprilis.

Cum. v, V ARTICLES.

----- . Animiy the Hundred iPounds - -

----- Arabic, the Hundred Weight - -

-- Armoniac, the Hundred Weight -

- Copal, the Hundred Pounds -

— -- Elemi, the Hundred Pounds - -

- - - Guiaci, the Hundred Pounds - - - - .

----- Opoponax, the Pound ——

— Sandrake, the Hundred Weight ——

» Senega, the Hundred Weight ——

' ----- Tragaganth, the Pound ——

Hair, viz.

—— - Cow or Ox Hair, the Hundred Weight -

— - Goats Hair, the Pound ——

—— Horse Hair, the Hundred Pounds ——

— - Human Hair, the Pound ——

Handspikes. See Wood.

Hartlhoms, the Hundred -»- % - - - >

Hats, viz.

— ----- Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen - -

--- Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen

Hemp, rough or undressed, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Hermodactvlus, the Pound - -

Hides, viz.

----- ----- Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair, the Piece - -

- — >- Horse Hides-in the Hair, the Piece ——

—— - Indian Hides undressed, the Piece - - — - Lo(h Hides, the Hundred Pounds - -

* ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- Muscovy or Russia Hides tanned, the Pound .-

Hones, the Hundred - - ± -

Honey, the Barrel, containing 42 Gallons - - - „

Hoops for Coopers. See Wood.

Horn Tips, the Hundred - -

Horns of Cows or Oxen, the Hundred -

Horl'es, Mares, or Geldings, each ——

Incle, viz.

- — - Unwrought, or Short Spinnel, the Pound - -

«---- Wrought, the Dozen Pounds ——

Indico, viz.

----- — - Of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Hundred

Pounds - -

— Of the Produce of any Part of the United States of ,the

Hundred Pounds - -

« Of the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Pounds Ink for Printers, the Hundred Weight - -

Ireland) Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the Kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence. Free.

Ifeos, the Hundred Weight -

Iron, viz.

--- in Bars or unwrought, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

----- Cast, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

— - Hoops, the Hundred Weight ——

-- Ore, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

----- Pig Iron, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

----- flit, or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than

3-4ths of an Inch Square, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight ——

Ifinglass, the Hundred Pounds ——

Juice of Lemons, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -Juice of Limes, the Gallon - -

Juniper Berries, tire Hundred Weight - -

Kelp, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - -

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Lace, viz. Bone I^ace of Thread, the Dozen Yards -

Lampblack, the Hundred Weight ——

Lathwood. See Wood.

Lattcn, viz.Shaven Latten, the Hundred Weight -

Lavender Flowers, the Hundred Pounds - - - - , -

Lead, viz.

----- Black Lead, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Red Lead, the Hundred Weight ——

----- White Lead, the Hundred' Weight ——

Ix-aves of Roses, the Hundred Pounds ——

Lemons, the Thousand -

A. 1802,

Duty.

L s. d.

0 5 6

0 3 8

0 13 0

0 9 0

0 9 0

0 8 4

0 0 S

0 z 10

0 5 10

0 0 a

0 t to

0 0 2

0 10 0

0 0 3

0 5 »

0 0 4

0 0 4

j

0 O 1

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 S

0 10 0

0 0 1

0 2 0

0 11 0

0 0 6

0 1 4

0 11 0

e 0 1

3 8

0 18 0

0 12 0

1 7 0

0 2 10

0 1 6

0 13 0

0 6 6

0 1 6

0 1 10

0 4 6

0 12 5

0 7 0

0 *5 6

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 4 6

0 14 0

0 2 6

0 6 a

0 1 8

0 0 9

0 1 0

0 1 3

0 3 0

0 3 10

Linum

Geo. IIL

to*

dpritti.

32

Articles.

Lignum Vitae. See Wood.

Linen, viz.

----- -Cambricks and French Lawns, the Half Piece, ContaihSng Six Ells

and a Half - ——

---- — Canvas, viz.

— ----- --- - - HejfensCanvas or Dutch Barras, the 120 Ells *

— ----- - — - Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough

Canvas, the 120 Ells «- - a.

----- -Damalk Napkining, of Silesia, making the Yard -

— - - - - Tabling, of Silesia*making the Yard - - - *.

—— ----- ---- Napkining, of the Manufacture of France or Holland, the

Yard -

— ----- - Tabling, of the Manufacture of France or Holland, the Yard

----- - Diaper Napkining, of Silesia, making the Yard -

----- ----- ----- ----- of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard -

— ' - — - Tabling, of Silesia, making the Yard - -

— ----- Drillings and Pack Duck, the 120 Ells - -

---- Flanders and Holland Linen, plain, not exceeding One Ell 4- in

Breadth, the 120 Ells ——

----- -- German, Switzerland, East Country (except Rufa), and,

Cloth, plain, viz.

— — ---- - not above 31 j Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells - w

-- ----- - above 31 ? Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36

Inches, the 120 Ells -

- ----- - above 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

--- Hinderlands brown, under 22 { Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

----- -Lawns, viz.

..... Silesia, and all other Lawns, plain (except French Lawns)

not bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length ——

----_ - _ - Silesia, and all other Lawns, plain (except French Lawns)

bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length - -

---- Fujfia Linen, plain, viz.

* - Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of not exceeding 22 \ Inches in Breadth, the 120 Elis - -

- - - Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding 22 iInches in Breadth* the 120 Ells -

- - - Linen Cloth and Diaper exceeding 22 \ Inches in

Breadth, and not exceeding 31! Inches* the 120 Ells -

----- ---- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, exceeding 31 f Inches in

Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, the 120 Ells

----- --- - - Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, exceeding 36 Inches in

Breadth* and not exceeding 45 Inches, the 120 Ells

- * - Linen Cloth and Diaper of exceeding 45 Inches in

Breadth, the 120 Ells ——

----- Sail Cloth, the 120 Ells - - - - *

Liquorice Root, the Hundred Weight - - *

Lobsters. Free.

Logwood, See Wood.

Lupines, the Hundred Weight -

Lutestrings or Catlings, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Knots Mace, the Pound ——

Madder, viz.

--- — Mull Madder, the Hundred Weight -

----- - Madder of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight -

----- - Madder Roots, the Hundred Weight - -

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna, the Hundred Pounds

Maps* each ——

Marmelade, the Pound ——

Mastic White, the Hundred Pounds -

Mails. See Wood.

Mats of Russia, the Hundred

Matting, the Yard - * *

Melasses, the Hundred Weight -

Mercury Sublimate, the Pound -

Metal, viz. Leaf Metal, the Hundred Packets -

Morels, the Pound ——

Mols, viz.Rock Mols, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight

Mum, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Myrrh, the Hundred Pounds

Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles, or Dickers, each Bundle or Dicker containing 12 Necklaces - - - *

Vol. 57.

Dnty. j£- S‘ d-

0 I 8

0 2 9

0 I 10

0 O X

0 O 4

0 O 2

0 O 3

0 O 1

0 O 1

0 O 3

0 6 0

0 *7 4

0 3 8

0 8 0

0 12 4

0 a 4

0 0 5

0 0 7

0 2 3

0 1 8

6 4 4

0 6 2

0 7 6

0 0

0 7 2

0 2 8

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 1 2

0 0 4

0 2 8

0 2 9

0 7 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 11 0

0 2 3

0 0 1

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 2 0

0 0 3

0; l$ 10

0 2: to

a 9 e

0 z $

Nicaragua

ID® Aprilis.

A.

ARTICLES.

Nicafagui Wood. See Wood.

Nutmegs, the Pound....

Nuts, viz.

---- Chesnuts, the Bushel -

----- Small Nuts, the Bushel ——

Oaker, the Bushel -Oakham, the Hundred Weight Oak Plank. See Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

---- Oil of Almonds, the Hundred Pounds - - - - *

----- - - - Anniseed, the Pound -

----- - - - - Bay, the Hundred Weight ——

----- ---.. Carraway, the Pound -

----- - - - Castor Oil, the Gallon -

----- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound -

---- Oil of Cinnamon, the Pound

----- ---- Cloves, the Pound ——

----- ---- Hemp-Seed, the Ton, Containing 252 Gallons -

hi - Juniper, the Hundred Pounds - *

----- ---- Linseed, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons - -

— - - - - Nutmegs, the Pound ——

---- Ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

----- --Origanum, the Hundred Pounds - -

----- - - - - Palm, the Hundred Weight - -

---- Perfumed Oil, not Otherwise enumerated, the Pound - .

- Oil of Petroleum, the Pound ——

----- ---- Rhodium, the Pound ——

- 1---- Rofcmary, the Pound ——

---- Sallad Oil, the Hundred Gallons ——

----- Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

---- Oil of Spike, the Pound ——

----- Thyme, the Pound -

—— ----- Turpentine, the Hundred Pounds -

----- ---- Vitriol, the Hundred Pounds - - - - * . "

----- Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

Blubber of Newfoundland, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons - -

---- Blubber not of Newfoundland, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

— 1 Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the

Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Olibanum, or Incense, the Hundred Weight - - .* —

Olives, the Hogshead, containing 63 Gallons - - .

Onions, the Bushel -

Opium, the Pound - - - - -'

Oranges, the Thousand - - - .

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon ——

Orchella, the Hundred Weight - -

Orpiment, the Hundred Weight -

Orledew, the Dozen Pounds - -

JPearl Barley, or Barley hulled, the Hundred Weight -

Pears, the Bushel ——

---- dried, the Bushel ——

Pepper, viz. Long Pepper, the Hundred Pounds -

Pickles, the Gallon ——

Pictures, viz.

— . of Four Feet Square, or upwards, the Picture -

- — of Two Feet Square, and under l our Feet Square, the Picture

- - under Two Feet Square, the Picture -

Pimento, the Hundred Pounds - - - .

Piftachia Nuts, the Hundred Pounds ——

Pitch, the Last of 1 2 Bartels, each Barrel containing 31 — Gallons »

Pix Bufgundia?, the Hundred Weight -

Plaster of Paris, the Hundred Pounds ——

Plate, viz.

— of Gold, wrought, the Ounce Troy -

---- — of Silver, ungilt, the Ounce Troy - -

— — of Silver, part gilt, the Ounce Troy - -

- - of Silver, gilt, the Ounce Troy ——

Platters. See Wood.

Plumbs, dried, the Hundred Pounds ——

Polypodium, the Pound -

Pomegranate Peels, the Hundred Weight -

Pomegranates, the Thousand ——

Pots, viz.Melting Pots for Goidlrnitlis, the Hundred -

K

Duty,

c &

Oil

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

4

7

5

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

r

3 &

o 7

5 *0 0 3

o

0

1

2

6

0 10

1 l9

0

2

1

o o o

0

Q

1

'y

4

0

1 o o 6

0

1

2 12

O

o

o

o

o

0

1 t

O 13

0

1

o

o

o

o

2

o

o

o

4

9

4

o

o

o

o

o

o

s

0 4 4

1

o

2 8 8 2 2 6

10

3

6

3

3

4

3 6

4

m O 0 4

- O 5 0

- O 7 3

- O 1 10

O 0 9

- O 1 z

- O 0 4

- O 4 0

O 0 3

- 2 8 0

- I 12 0

- O 16 0

- O 2 2

- O 2 0

- O 3 8

- O 0 9

— O 0 1

— O 5 10

- O 0 3

O 0 4

- O 0 5

o 6 o o 0 3

o

o

0

1

6

8 4

1 2

Powder

44 Geo. III.

tO

Aprilis.

329

ARTICLES.

Powder of Brass for Japanning, the Pound ——

Powder, viz.Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight -

Prints, viz.Paper Prints, the Piece ——

Prunelloes, the Pound ——

Prunes, the Hundred Weight ——

Quicksilver, the Pound ——

Quills, viz.

- Goole Quills, the Thousand ——

----- -Swan Quills, the Thousand - -

Radix Contrayerva, the Pound ——

---- Ipccacuana, the Pound ——

-- Seneca, the Pound ——

---- Serpent aria.....h.

Rags, fit only to make Paper, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Railins, viz.

----- -Dcnia Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

-- Faro Raisins, the Hundred Weight ——

- — Lexia Raisins, the Hundred Weight *

— - Lipra, or Belvidere Raisins, the Hundred Weight

----- - Smyrna Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

----- -Of the Sun, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Raisins not otherwise enumerated or described, the Hundred Weight

Red Wood. See Wood.

Rhubarb, the Pound ——

like, the Hundred Weight ——

Resin, the Hundred Weight ——

Rum. See Spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the Hundred Pounds ——

Safflower, the Hundred Weight - - - - .

Saffron, the Pound - - - .- -

Sal Armoniac, the Pound ——

— Succini, the Pound -

— Tartari, the Pound ——

Salop, the Pound ——

Salt, the Wey, 40 Bushels ——

Salt Petre, the Hundred Weight ——

Sarliiparilla, the Hundred Pounds ——

Saifairas, the Hundred Weight ——

Saulages, the Pound ——

Scamony, the Pound -

Scoops of Wood. See Wood.

Seahorse Teeth, the Pound ——

Seeds, viz.

..... Anniseed, the Hundred Weight ——

—— Canary Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Carraway Seed, the Hundred Weight -

— Clover Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Coriander Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Cummin Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

-- Fennel Seed, the Hundred Pounds ——

---- Garden Seed, the Hundred Pounds -

---- Hemp Seed, the Quarter, of Eight Bushels -

—— Linseed, the Bushel ——

---- Lucern Seed, the Hundred Weight - -

---- Multard Seed, the Hundred W eight -

---- Onion Seed, the Hundred W eight -

— — Rape Seed, the Quarter, containing Eight Bushels - -

Sena, the Pound -

Siiruft', the Hundred Weight - - - - -'-

Shovels of Wood. See YVood.

Shumack, the Hundred Wreight -Silk, viz.

---- Knobs or Hulks of Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

-- Raw Silk of Turkey, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

— - Raw Silk of any other Country, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

---- Thrown Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

—— Waffle Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

Wrought Silk, viz.Crapes or Tiffanies, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

Skins, viz.

—— Badger Skins, undrelTcd, the Piece j*

---- Bear Skins, Black, undrelTcd, the Piece -

—— - - --- White, undressed, the Piece -

---- Beaver Skins, und relied, the Piece

Duty.

c s. d.

0 0 3

0 4 3

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 2 6

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 4‘ 8

0 0 2

;0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 r

0 *5 9

0 1 4

0 1 5

0 1 10

0 1 5

0 0 10

0 2 9

0 1 4

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 4 10

0 4 10

0 1 3

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 2 4

0 6 0

0 0 8

0 0 1

0 0 9

0 0 2

0 2 3

0 2 10

0 0 9

0 2 9

0 0 10

0 1 6

0 3 0

0 4 10

0 0 5

0 0 0

0 3 O

0 0 6

0 5 0

0 1 5

0 0 2

0 2 8

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 7

0 0 8

0 0 9

p 0 2

0 1 3

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 3

OL.

57-

Calabar

i o° Aprilis.

A. 1802.

; . t ARTICLES.

Skins, continued.

----- CaJabar or Squirrel Skins, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

----- Calve Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

----- ----- - tanned, the Pound -

----- Cat Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins - -

----- Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

----- Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin -

----- Deer Skins, Indian, half dressed, the Skin - - .

----- Dogfish Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

----- Elk Skins, undressed, the Skin - -

----- Ermin Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

— Fisher Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Fitches, undressed, the Timber, of 40 Skins -

— Fox Skins (not Black), undressed, the Skin

----- Goat Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

----- ----- - tanned, the Dozen - .

---- Hare Skins, undressed, the 1 20 -

----- Kid Skins, undressed, the Hundred Skins -

----- ----- dressed, the Hundred Skins -

— — Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the 120

----- ----- - dressed in Alum, the 100 Skins

----- Slink Lamb Skins, in the Wool, the 120 -

----- Leonard Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Lion Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Martin Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

----- - Mink Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins -

— *---- Otter Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Panther Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- - Raccoon Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

----- - Seal Skins, undressed, the Skin -

----- - Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen

----- - ----- - dressed, in Oil, the Dozen -

----- otherwise dressed, the Dozen -

----- Squirrel Skins. See Calabar Skins.

----- - Swan Skins, undressed, the Piece - -

----- - Tyger Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Wcazel Skins, undressed, the 120

----- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Piece - -

Smalts, the Hundred Pounds ——

SnutF, the Pound ——

Soap, viz. Hard Soap, the Hundred Weight -See Wood.

Duty.

0

1

o

2 o o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

9

a

1

3

2r

2,

a

o

- _ 0 ( D 7

- - 0 1 6 .

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 1 8

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 1 8

- - 0 3 4

- - 0 3 0

- - 0 3 l°-

- - 0 3 1C>

- - 0 3 10

- 0 3. 0

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 1 1

- - 0 0 5 "

- 0 4 4

- - 0 11 6

- - 0 0 6

- 0 1 1

- - 0 10 10

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 5

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 8

- — 0 0 3

- - 0 1 3

- - 0 2 8

- - 0 0 6

o

o

o

4 10

o 1

2 6

Lipars.

Spirits viz.

Brandy, the Gallon ——

— - — Geneva, the Gallon ——

----- Rum, the 100 Gallons -

----- Spirits, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon -

Sponges, the Pound ——

Squilia, the Hundred Weight ——

Starch, the Hundred Weight ——

Staves. See Wood.

o o o o o 18 o o o o 0 0 o 1

2

a

4

4

3

Stavefacre, the Hundred Weight - 048

Steel, viz.

----- Gad Steel, the Hundred Weight - 020*

----- 1 ong Steel, the Hundred Weight - - - - 01 10

Stock Fish, the 120- - -003

Stoner, viz.

- Batons, Tables, Mortars, and other poliflied Marble, the fijperficial

Foot - - - - 004

— Blocks of Marble, the solid Foot - - - - 011

----- -- Dog Stones, not exceeding Four Feet in Diameter, above Six Inches,

and under Twelve Inches in Thickness, the lait containing Three

Fair - - - o 16 4

----- -- Emery Stones, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - 020

----- -- Grave Stones of Maibie, poliflied, the Foot square, superficial

Measur - - o ' o 10

----- -- Grave Sr ones of Marble, unpolished, the Foot square, superficial

Measure - - - - 002

— Grave Stones not of Marble, the Foot square, superficial Measure -002

----- - Mill Stones, above Four Feet in Diameter, or if Twelve Inches in

I hickru Is, or upwards, the Piece -- - - Q121

----- Paving Stones, of Marble, rough or poliflied, the Foot square,

Itq.criicia] Measure - - 001

— Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet square, superficial

ivicaiuie - " - T *010

Stones,

33 i

43 Geo. III.

10

Aprilis.

ARTICLES.

Stones, continued.

----- - Pomice Stones, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

- . Quern Stones, large. Three Feet, and not above Four Foot in

Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches in Thickness, the Lad, containing Three Pair ——

----- - Quern Stones, small, under Three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches in Thickness, the Lad, containing Three Pair

----- Slates, in Frames, the Dozen -

----- Whetdones, the One Hundred - -

Storax Calamita, the Pound ——

— Liquida, the Pound - -

Sturgeon, the Keg -

Succades, the Pound

Succus Liquoritias, the Hundred Weight ——

Tails, viz.Martin's Tails, undressed, the One Hundred -Tallow, the Hundred Weight -

Tamarinds, the Hundred Weight ——

Tar, the Lad, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 \ Gallons Terras, the Bushel ——

Thread, viz.

- Bridges Thread, the Dozen Pounds ——

- - Siders Thread, the Pound ——

Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the Hundred Pounds ——

Tortoilhell, the Pound ——

Tow, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight -Trays of Wood. See Wood.

Treenails. See Wood.

Trustees, the Pound -Tubs of Wood. See Wood.

Turbots. Free.

Turmeric, the One Hundred Pounds - -

Turpentine, Common, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred W eight Twill for Band firings, the Dozen Knots -

Valonia, the Hundred Weight Varnish, the Hundred Weight Verdigrease, viz.

- ----- --- Common, the Hundred Pounds -

----- ----- Cryflallized, the Hundred Pounds -

Vermillion, the Pound ——

Vinegar, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Vinci Iocs, the Pound ——

Umber, the Hundred Weight ——

Wainscot Logs. See Wood.

Walnuts, the Bushel ——

Water, viz. Pyrmont Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, not exceeding Three Pints ——

Wax, viz.

---- Bees Wax, White, or manufactured, the Hundred Weight

---- - ----- Unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight -

Weld, the Hundred Weight ——

Whalefins, the Hundred Weight ——

Wine, viz.

- -- French Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

---- Madeira Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

--- — RheniJJi, German, Hungary Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

---- Spanish, Portugal, and all other Wines, not otherwise enumerated, the

Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Wire, viz.

---- Brass or Copper Wire, the Hundred Weight - -

—— Virginal Wire of Brass or Copper, the Hundred Weight - -

Vi rginal Wire of Iron, the Hundred Weight - -

Woad, viz.

----- Green Woad, the Hundred Weight -

---- Thoidoufe Wood, the Hundred Weight - -

Wood, viz.

----- --- Anchor Stocks imported from any Part of Europe, the Piece -

----- --Balks, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— ----- - - - - Five Inches square, and under Eight Inches square, or if

Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 -

----- -- - - - under Five Inches square, and under Twenty-four Feet in

Length, the 120-

----- --- Battens imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

it Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Indies in Width, and not ex-

rig! it

Vol. 57.

cceding 2 Inches in Thick nets, the i?.o

Duty.

c s. d.

1 9 2

Q 4 10

O 2 5

O 0 3

O 0 4

O 0 1

O 0 2

O 0 8

O 0 2

O 3 6

O 0 1

O 1 10

O 1 0

O 2 11

O 0 *

O 7 10

O 1 11

O 3 0

O 0 6

O l3 9

O 0 3

O 2 9

O 2 0

O 0 3

O 0 11

O 0 9

O 8 2

O 9 0

O 0 4

I 19 8

O 0 10

O 0 7

O 0 4

O 0 4

0 7 3

0 5 c

0 0 10

0 1 9

4 4 a

3 3 0

4 H 6

2 2 0

0 10 6

0 12 0

0 9 0

0 0 10

0 1 0

0 0 8

1 11 0

0 8 9

0 6 8

Woad,

10° Aprilis. A. 1.802,

ARTICLES. Duty.

Wood, continued. £>. s. d

----- Battens exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches

in Width, or if exceeding Inches in Thickness, the

120 - 0134

---» - Ends imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— .....under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches

in Width, and not exceeding 21 Inches inThickness,

the 120- - - - 026

- 11 — ----- - under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches

in Width, and exceeding 2j Inches in Thickness, the 120 - - - - 058

Beech Quarters imported from any Part of Europe, viz. under Five Inches square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, the 120 - - - - 054

Boards imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— - - Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in

Length, and under Eight Inches square, the 120 - - 0710

> — - - - Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under

Fifteen Feet in Length, the 120 - - 074

----- - - — ----- ----- — under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 - - ----0148

----- — ... Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, and not exceeding Seven

Feet in Length, the 120 - - -016

----- - — ... hewed on one Side, and exceeding Seven Feet

in Length, the 120 - - - - 038

' - - - Pipe Boards, above Five Feet Three Inches in Length, and

not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight , Inches square, the 120 - - - - -0123

----- --- - Scale Boards, the Hundred Weight - - - - 007

----- ----- Wainscot Boards, the Inch or Foot, containing Twelve Feet

in Length, and One Inch in Thickness - - -004

----- -r- Box Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - - 0193

— Brazil Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - 2 17 6

- — ---- Brazilletto Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - o 10 3

— Cam Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - 134

- --- Deals imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ---- above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in

Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness,

the 120-- - - - - -2150

-- - - - above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in

Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, the

120 - 4 14 2

~ ----- — - above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length,

and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 £ Inches in Thickness, the 120- - - - - 0113

----- -- — not above den Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 \ Inch

in Thickness, the 120 ----- - o 5 o

----- -- Deal Ends, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- - above Seven Inches in W idth, being under Eight Feet

in Length, and not exceeding 3 \ Inches in Thickness, the 120- - - - - 04 8

----- - ----- - above Seven Inches in Width, being under Fight Feet

in Length, and exceeding 3 Inches in Thickneis,

the 120 - - - -068

----- - Ebony, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight - - o 12 9

----- - Fire Wood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- - The Fathom, Six Feet wide, and Six Feet high - 007

----- - Fuiiic, the Hundred Weight - 009

----- --- Hand (pikes, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- - ----- - under Seven Feet in Length, the 120 - - -014

----- - ----- - Seven Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 - - 014

— - Hoops for Coopers, imported from any Part of Europe, the 1000 - 014

- --- Knees of Oak, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- - ----- -- Five Inches square, and under Light Inches square,

the 120 - 0115

— - — ----- -- under Five Inches square, the 120 - - -025

----- --- Lathwood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- - ----- in Pieces under Five Feet in Length, the Fathom Six

Feet wide, and Six Feet high - - - o 3 <

- --- ----- in Pieces Five Feet in Length, or upwards, the Fathom

Six Feet wide, and Six Feet high - - ° 5

- 9' r I -gnum V itar, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight - -06

« -... Logwood, the Ton, containing 2.0 Hundred Weight - -05

----- -- Vlahoginy, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight ‘ - o ij

6

a

6

o

L-

43 Geo. III.

to° Jprilis.

Vo

ARTICLES. Duty.

Wood, tontimei. £. s. <t.

— Masts, imported from any Part of Europe, viz-.

-... --- Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Mast o o 8

1 - - - Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, the

Mall - ----- ---014

----- - - - Twelve Inches in Diameter, or upwards* the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - ° 7 7

— ----- - - of the Produce of, and imported, from any Part of the United States of Americaviz.

- - - Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Mast - 008

----- - - - - Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, the

Mast - - - - -.-014

----- -- - - Twelve Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - - 077

----- - Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight - .0 16 o

----- - Oak Plank imported from any Part of Europe, viz. Two Inches

in Thickness, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic

Feet - - 068

----- - Oars imported from any Part of Europe, the 120 - - - O 13 9

----- - Platters imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen - -003

—— Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight - 160

----- - Scoops imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen - -002

----- - Shovels imported from any Part of , the Dozen - - 002

----- --- Spars imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- - under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches

in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 - -043

----- ----- - Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four

Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 - 087

— -- - - - Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches, exclusive

of the Bark, the 120 - - - - 01710

..... ... Sire Inches in Diameter, or upwards. See Masts.

— Staves imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— - - - not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three

Inches in Thicknlfs, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120- - - - - 019

— - above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - 03 5

- — above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - 049

---- - - above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-

two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thick-

r.eis, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - 064

— --- - - - above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth,

the 120- - - -064

" - - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the United States of America, viz.

— - - - not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120- - - - - 009

-. — - - - above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness,

and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, tire 120 - 009

— ---- - - - above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness,

and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - 013

— . — — - above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-

two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - o 1 8

---- — ... above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three

Inches in Tliickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - - - - 022

---- Timber, viz. ' .

----- - - - Fir Timber, viz.

----- - ..... Eight Inches square, and not exceeding Ten Inches

Iquare, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - 0x8

— --- ..... — exceeding Ten Inches square, of the Growth of

Norway, and imported directly from thence, the

Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - -020

---- r - — - - Eight Inches square, or upwards, imported from any other Part of Europe, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - - 022

l. 57. 4 Q

333

jj

Wood,

334

xo° Jprilis.

A. x802

ARTICLES. Duty.

Wood, Timber, continued. ' £. s. J.

----- - ..... Oak Timber, imported from any Part of Europe,

----- ----- Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - 046

---- - - - - Oak Timber, the Produce of, and imported from any

Part of the United States of America,

----- - ----- ----- - Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - - "°34

----- Trays of Wood, the Shock, containing Sixty - - - - o o <;

----- - Treenails, the Thousand - 020

----- -Tubs of Wood, the Dozen - 004

----- - Wainscot Logs, imported from any Part of Europe,

----- - - - ----- -- - Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet - - - -079

Wool, viz.

----- Cotton Wool, of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the Hundred

Pounds - - 0710

--- - -- -- of the Growth or Production of any Part of the United States of America, the Hundred Pounds - o 10 6

--- - -- -- of the Growth or Production of any of the British

Colonies or Plantations, the Hundred Pounds - o 10 6

— _ - -- -- of the Growth or Production of any other Country

or Place, the Hundred Pounds - - - -0150

----- Hares Wool, the Hundred Pounds - - - - 029

----- Sheeps Wool, the Hundred Pounds - - - - 046

Wormfeed, the Pound -..... o o 1

Yarn, viz.

- Cotton Yarn, the Hundred Pounds - - - - 085

----- - Mohair Yarn, the Pound - -003

---- Raw Linen Yarn, not being Farmland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, or Tow

Yarn, the Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the King of Prussia, imported directly from any of the said Territories or Dominions, tire Hundred Pounds - - - 038

Yellow Berries, the Hundred Weight - 050

Zedoaria, the Pound - - - 001

All other Goods, W'ares, or Merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except l'uch Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize which, by any special Provision, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - 312c

2. Received, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several new and additional Duties of Customs herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the U nited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East; viz.

ARTICLES. Duty.

Culhcoes, viz. Plain White Callicoes — Dimitv, viz. Plain White Dimitv —

Mufl ins, plain — Nanquin Cloth — Muslins or White Callicoes, flowered or ditched — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described — and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for Exportation only*, — for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according-; to the Grots Price

# O

at which such Goods shall have been fojd at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction therefrom, except to much as the Duties of Customs due and payable on such Goods respectively thall amount to - - - - 3120

Indico, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - - 312 0

Cotton Wool, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus - - - 4160

Coffee, the Hundred Weight - - 040

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight - - - - -r , - t> 3 4

3. Rejoin

42 Geo. III. iO° Ap335

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Mer-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, chandize, herein after enumerated or described, not hav-the several new and additional Duties of Customs here- ing been imported by the United Company of Mer-icaster mentioned shall be charged on the Exportation chants of England trading to the Indies; viz.

ARTICLES, Duty.

Sugar, viz. £. s. d.

— ----- -Unrefined, not having been imported by the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except in Cafes where, by any (pedal Provision, such Sugar shall be exempted from this Duty) the Hundred Weight - - - - o 1 6 J

----- --Refined Sugar, called Bastard and Ground and Powdered Sugar, and

Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision, such Sugar shall be exempted from this Duty) the Hundred Weight - - o 1 6

----- -- All other Refined Sugar (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision, such Sugar shall be exempted from this Duty) the Hundred Weight - - - - -023

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to any Part of , or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every. Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - 0100

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Prbduce, or Manufacture, ot Great Britain (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants ct England trading to the East Indies, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - - - I ® o

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tion from Great Britain <jf the Goods, Wares, and Mer-

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, chandize, herein after enumerated or described, having the several new and additional Duties of Customs been imported by the United Company of Merchants herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Exporta- of England trading to the Indies-, viz.

ART I CLES. Duty.

£. s. d.

Sugar exported, having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision, such Sugar shall be exempted from this Duty) for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the ("aid Company - - - - 2100

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be charged on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad) in any the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts; viz.

Duty.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards £. s. d. (except in Ballast) to or from the lllands of Sark, Alderney,

and Man, the Greenland Seas, and the Southern Whale Fishery - -006

For every Ten Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place within the Streights of

Gibraltar - - - -010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea - - - 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) to or from any other Port or Place in Europe - -010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - -030

For every T on Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) to or from the Cape of Good Hope - - - -026

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in , not otherwise enumerated or described - - -010

Vol. 57,

For

33 <5

io° .

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad) to or from the Island of the Islands of

Cape Breton and St. John, and the Coast of Labrador - -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad) to or from any Port or Place in the United States of America, any British Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America not otherwise described -

A. 1802.

Duty.

t >. i

o o 6

o I o

The said Resolutions being fevemlly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-solutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas and Mr.

Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

cr Trade Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third . pad* Reading of the Bill, now ingrofi'ed, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Inland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ("rrid^f Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forgrant-Dutiej Bill, ing to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bill for sup- Mr. Beresford presented to the House, according to wrthnfkpebl,n Order, a Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the

w.iter, Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, presented. for supplying the City of with Water; and for

making better Provision for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the Firfh Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to repeat Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac-the Dutic* on cording to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on In-presented. come; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Retort Sup- Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported rupttt.ng from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

5

Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Six Hun- ®ulWinE* dred and Ninety-two Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Seventeen Thousand Pounds Irilli Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings in and for Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Secretary to That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Seventy-Six ert'orcharita-Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being bleDonations. Three Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, for One Year, ending the 5th Day, of January 1803, in such Manner as his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ®.oaJ'd of That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Four Hun- irl ruiK' dred Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence Sterling, being Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Board of First Fruits in Ireland? for building new Churches and re-building old Churches, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the-Opinion of this Committee, Trofteetof That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand Nine and Hempen Hundred Fifty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Manufactui* Two Pence Sterling, being Sixteen Thousand Two Hun-, dred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803, under such Regulations and Appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fever That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Three Hun- H°A,ital* dred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings Sterling, being One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Fever Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803, under the Direction of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Making wide That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand One Hun- 5(r*ets m dred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight u in' Pence Halfpenny Sterling, being Three Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January

1803-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Paving That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Nine Hun- Dublin-dred and Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling, being Seven Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Corporation, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City of Dublin, for Nine Months, ending the 5th Day of January 1803.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

12

Luna^ 12* flfo j

Anno 420 Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1802.

337.

in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

viz.

Prayers.

« /TR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had rebuke of Yo.k^VJL - ' ' — - -

Answerof the

Mr?Speak-^^V"^* cc*vefi from His Royal Highness Field Marshal the ti'tletter. Duke of York, Captain General and Commander in

Chief of His Majesty's Forces, the following Answer to Mr. Speaker's Letter, transmitting to His Royal Highness the Thanks of this House, of the 6th Day of this Instaat April, for the Services of the Navy, Army, and Marines, during the late War:

Sir,

Hope Guards, 10th April 1802.

1 have been favoured with your Letter of the 7th Instant, transmitting the unanimous Vote of Thanks of the Honourable House of Commons of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland to the Officers of the Navy, Army, and Marines, for their meritorious Services during the Course of the War; and desiring that the unanimous Resolution of the House, signifying the high Approbation and Acknowledgement of the Services of the Petty and Non-commissioned Officers and Men em- . ployed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, and Marines, may be communicated to them, with Thanks for their exemplary and gallant Behav iour — and in expressing to you the perfect Sense I entertain of the flattering Manner in which you have been pie a fed to communicate the Commands of the House, I requell that the House may be allured, that it is a Circumstance of Angular Satisfaction to me to have to make known to the Army so honourable a Testimony of the meritorious and eminent Services rendered by them to His Majesty and the Nation.

I am, Sir,

Yours,

Right Honourable the Speaker. Frederick.

Knotting An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and aiter-ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21ft: Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate, in the Parish of

Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rujhdenand High am Ferrers, and over,

to the Turnpike Road in Barton Lane, in the

Pari Hi of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Rrfo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate, in the Parish of

Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Hip ham Ferrers, and over Artleborough,

to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Pa-riftt of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kirkcud- Mr. Spalding reported from the Committee, to whom

bright Canal f],c Petition of the Gentl men. Land Owners, Merchants, ported."'re and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; Thar the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report Voi». 57.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr;

James Gordon being examined, said, That by a Survey lately taken.it appears that a Canai, Cut, or Navigation, can easily be made navigable for Beats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Boat Pool of , in the Parish of that Name in the Glenkenm, through Part of the said Parish, and through the Parishes of Par ton,

CroJfmichaelj Kelt on, and Kirkcudbright, to or near a Place called Upper Carse, and from thence to the Tideway, at or near the Dock of the Town of Kirkcudbright, all in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright j and that the making such Cut or Canal, and also such proper Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to the lame, as may be found necessary, will be of great Advantage to the Commerce; Manufactures, and Agriculture, carried on in that Part of the Country, and to the Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkennsto the Port and Town

of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry' of Kirkcudbright: And that Mr. Spalding, Mr. William Dundasand Mr. William Stewart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- K.-tterin* ing and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 13th and 21st Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the

o o

Parish o f Kettering, throng:* the Town of,

in the County of Northampton, and through over

Sherrinoton Bridge., to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; n a i>.|>-oring and widening, or rebuilding, the said Shuri-y: for Bridge, was read the Third Time.

RfdvcJ, 1 S.at the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventl* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the S-. cond, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Am?nd-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, menu to Kich-An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Biu!*l°*

Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within agreed to the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 18. After " therein" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That it shall not be " lawful for the Commissioner to " divert any Watercourse or Rivulet " running through any Part cl the

" Lands and Grounds by this Act " dire'dted to be divided and allot*

" ted, without the Consent of the " Person or Persons so entitled t6 " the Use thereof."

Pr. 26, At the End of Clause (A.) annexed to

the Bill, insert Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That if " any Person or Persons shall think " himself, herteif, or themselves ag-4 R " grieved

12° Aprilis. 1802.

" grieved by any Thing done in Barony of in the County of Lanark: And the

" pursuance of this Act, then and same was received; and read the First Time.

" in every such same (except where That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" the Orders and Determinations

" of the said Commissioner is di- An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Pro- somersetfhh*

rested to be final, binding, or con- prietors of the Coal Canal Navigation to coal Canal

" elusive, and except in such Cases vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raile Money " wherein an Issue at Law may be for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and " tried as hereinbefore mentioned) amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Act s, passed " such Person or Persons may appeal for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

" to the General Quarter Sessions That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

of the Peace, which shall be held be. An Act for enabling I he Company of Proprietors of " in and for the said North Riding the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter " of the County of Torir, within the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for com-" Four Calendar Months next after pleting the said Canal and Works; and to alter and " the Caule of Complaint shall have ' amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts,

arisen; and the Justices at such palfedfor making the said Canal.

" Sessions are hereby required to , That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill

" hear and determine the Matter of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, as they shall A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Up-lamthink reasonable; and such Deter- the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Mea- j^'"rg|1IlncI°* " mination of the said Justices shall dow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and

" be final and conclusive on all Par- other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

" ties concerned, and shall not be Township or Hamlet of in the Parish of

" removed or removable by Certio- Chipping Lam bourne, in the County of , was read a.

" rari, or any other Writ or Process Second Time.

" whatsoever, into any of His Ma- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles " jesty's Courts of Record at West-Dundas, Mr. George Vansittart, &c.: And they are to " minster, or elsewhere." meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Speaker's Chamber.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Harwell

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas do carry the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing,

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open

House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and Lordships. other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, was read a Birhnry and A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Second Time.

furetB|1||,nC °* Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles co innitced. Birbury and Mar ton, in the County of Warwick, was Dundas, Mr. George &c.: And they are to

read a Second Time. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Speaker's Chamber.

Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John Mordaunt,

See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Ashby-d--la-of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. larging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Zouch Road

26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George committed. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His

coiumittcdl for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honour- present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

able Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through

Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, in Debts, was read a Second Time. Tutbury, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrell, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Horatio Walpole, See.: And they are to meet this ville Leveson Goner, Sir Edward Littleton,: And

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

Chamber. in the Speaker's Chamber.

338

Ordered, That Sir Robert Vav.ghan be added

m Hcniian'"8 to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and ij*lciure Bill, bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, being Freeholders of the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the said Pari fit.

Bui prcicniej. Sir Robert Williames Vaughan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according pr«u'r.t«l.' to Order, a Bill for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the 4

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several incfoiuK BiiL Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, a certain Common or Waste called Effingham' Upper Common, in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according Bill presented. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing that Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the Manor

of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aningrofled Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging, Sjoci.bridge the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the 41 ft Ye. r

of pvhd. ' "

Kelso Two Pennies Scots, &c. Bill, passed.

Cleckhcaton Indoiure BiiL ft®*

Bradford Caml Company's Estates

Sin,

commuted.

Abbotts Morton Indoiure Bill, paired.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stocin the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Belli):our Lane to the Top of Stephen's Down, near the Town of B,in the said County; and from the said City 6f through

Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of th t Southampton Road, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of South-

ampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester through Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyatt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term ana Powers of Two several Acts, of the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 20th Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part ofa Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon ever)' Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Town lh ip of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlall, in the West Riding of the County of To) k,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for veiling divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Com-

Vol. 57.

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Morton, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Morton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Savi/e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Serjeant Moore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had.directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be.re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and " Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester;" and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, " and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of " and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester;" and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Wilmot and Mr. Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the ‘Trent to the Mersey to make Railways; to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttox-eter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Runham, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlets or Tythings of Aston, otherwise West Yaston, and in the Parish of Longparish, in the County of Southampton / without any Amendment; And also.

The

Mountjoy Square (Dublin) Improvement Bill, reported, and re-committed.

Kempsford and Dryffield Inclosure Bill, passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Trent Navigation Bill.

Runham Indoiure and Drainage Bill.

Longparish Indoiure Bill*

TSe LoM» The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Vuiluievre's ve^mS Ent'rety of certain Hereditaments in the EiUtc B.u. County of Middlesex, and an Undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively deviled, in strict Settlement, by the Will of Esquire, deceased, in Charles , Esquire, and

his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in Lieu thereof, and to the like Uses , to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill for railing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Arrmiti« Beading of the Bill, now ingross'ed, for raising the Sum

passed. of Twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities, be now

read.

And the Laid Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr.- Nicholas do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee appointed to M 1,ti3 E(!K prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and mate*rePl'r" Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year iSozj That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay of the MILITIA of Great Britain, for the Year 1802.

I-s.

365 Days Pay to - 72 Adjutants - 7,884

365 Days Pay to 1,382 Serjeants ----- -- 37,859 12 6

365 Days Pay to 1,382 Corporals ----- -- 29,446 7 6

365 Days Pay to - 615 Drummers ----- -- 11,223 15 —

86,413 15 —

r

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Window*,. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third BHl, paired. ^cading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited I loufes; and for consolidating the (lime with the present Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time c

The A mendmeats following, were proposed to be made to the Question, viz.

To leave out ihe Word " now/* and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Wednesday Morning " next."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" Hand pail of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Lid Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to IJ is Majesty certain additional Dot ieson Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Bill to repeal Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

the Dutiesoa Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Income; committed. for ^]e effectual Collect ion ot Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fane; and for charging the Annuities fpcdficaliy charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be corhmitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refo've itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill renting Reading of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland,- be of inland, now read. comnutttd.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

R'solved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. \

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Bill to cording to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be the limited, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the on Payments 37th and 38th Years of the Keigrf of His piclent Ma- b>*lllc^u,k» jetty, on Payments in Cath by the bank: And the tame ^ieiu<tv was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Courtenay (from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented imports in*.; to the House, pursuant to their Order, Relented.

An Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, Flour, F Meal, and Rice, imported into Scotland, between 5th January 1802 and 5th April following.

/i.nd hen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered,

34*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Appendix, The said Account is inl'erted in the Appendix to

(No. 55.) this Volume.

Wildmore Fen Inclosure, &c. Petition, reported.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whoni the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Incloi'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen called " ll'ildmore Fen, in the County of ," by which the Fen was directed to be divided and allotted into Parochial and other General Allotments, was read: — And,

Mr. Robert Clitherozvbeing examined, laid, That it

Would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners, and all others intcrclied in the said lands and Grounds, and of great public Utility, if the Lands and Grounds contained in such Parochial or other General Allotments were l'pccifically divided and allotted in Severalty, to and amongst the several Persons interested, according to their several Rights and Interests therein respectively, the Allotments tnclofed, and the several Tythe Owners compensated for the Tythes thereof; and also, it Provision were made for declaring and determining in what Parishes the same Allotments, and also, the Land authorized to be sold by the Commissioners under the said recited Act, shall be deemed to lie, and be charged to Parochial Dues and Duties. — And the Witness added* That it is apprehended, when the said Lands and Grounds are lo divided, allotted, and inclosed, the same will be inhabited; and that from the great Extent thereof, several of the Inhabitants will be lb far distant from any Church cr Chapel, that it will be necessary to crcft One or more Chapel or Chapels for Divine Worship, and to endow the same with a sufficient Annual Income, out of the said Lands and Grounds, for the Ministers performing Divine Worship therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, " called ll'ildmore Fen, in the County of and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments let out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong: And that Mr. Harrison,' Mr. Fyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Servants, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

JXniesEBili&C' ^ePort from the Committee of the whole House, to deferred. ' whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Hories, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend

of^piritual The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Persons, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

deferred. Vof.. 57.

upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged " from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, See.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion That this House will resolve itself into a Committee k^AdmuS* of the whole House, to enquire into the Conduct of the firation. late Administration, both at Home and Abroad, during . Nes*

the War;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth'.

Tellers for the Yeas \

tellers for tfte *eas,^Mr Alderman

Tellers for the Noes 1

tellers for the ^ocs'(S\rWilliam E/ford: )

So it passed in the Negative.

39-

246.

Note. — After this Question was proposed, an Amendment was stated, to leave out from the first Word " That," to the End of the Question, in order to insert Words of Thanks to the Jarc Administration for their Conduct; but the Words were not stated on Paper; nor proposed from the Chair; and therefore the Amendment is not inl'erted among the Minutes.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon M orn- Waysan,!

ing next, relblve itself" into a Committee of the whole M- 'r.-, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Morn- supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, tb consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers:

MR. Alorgan presented to the House, according to Monmoinh-

Order, a Bill for making and maintaining certain Capl Railways to communicate with the Aionmoutlishire Canal b'i'C *°B Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprie- presented. tors ot that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, paised in the 32d and 37th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Petition market, and its Vicinity, lying in the Parishes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the City of removing the Westminster and County of Middlesex, the Sellers of Hay Haymarket. and Straw in the same Market, the Growers cf Hay and Straw contiguous to the Metropolis, and of the Purchasers of Hay and Straw who buy at the said Market, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of removing the Market for Hay and Straw from the Haymarket; and Setting forth. That if the said Market is removed from the Street called a*id used as thcHaymarket, the Property of the Petitioners, suid others,

4 S wifi

Petition for Provnion in Wookcy, Sic. Drainage BUI, reported.

IVanr Forrft RiUuav Peti-fioJi, reported.

342 13* Aprilis.A. 1802.

will he greatly lelTened in Value, and by the want of ter Journal was not published until the 5th flay of Or-Trade, which the removing the said Market mull occa- . tober last, the Petitioners not having determined to apply' fion, will be greatly distretl'ed; and that the said Street to Parliament until the 15th Day of September lad, on is very convenient to the Farmers who are Growers of which Account the First and Second Notices in that Hav and Straw, and to the Salesmen, and Purchasers of Newspaper (the only one then published in the County Hay and Straw in the Vicinity of London, particularly of Gcould not be given until the 21st and

on the West and North Sides thereof, and, from its cen- 28th Days of September, which Month had expired be-tral Situation, of great public Convenience; and that fore the Third Notice could be given; and the Publi-from the great Width of the said Street, His Majesty s tion of a new Newspaper having commenced at Gloucester Subjectrs on foot, with Horses, or in Carriages, are not on t)ie last, called Hcraid,

ebftrufted at any Time whatsoever; and the said Market Kotkcs of the Application to Parliament were also pubis publicly held on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in liQved in that Newspaper on the ?d and 10th Days of

each Week only, and the same is finished and cleared October last; and that the Committee had examined the by Three of the Clock in the Afternoon on every Market Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Day during the Winter Season, and by Five of the report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

Clock in the Afternoon on every Market Day during antj he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Summer; and that the said Market is regulated by delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same an Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His was read . aiu) js as followeth;

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

" buying and Idling of Hay and Straw; and for re- John Hazledine being examined, said. That the making " pealing so much ot Two Acts, made in the Second and maintaining a Railway from certain Collieries, called " Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Ketc;t Con an<-j End Old Engine, in the Forest of

" and in tire 1 iiirty-first Year of the Reign ol King Deane, at or near a Place called Park End, through the " George the Second, as relates to the* buying and selling Extra-parochial Lands of the said Forest, and through " of I lay and Straw within the Limits therein men- the Parishes of and Lidney, in the County of

" tioned and that the said Street has been publicly Gloucester, to the River Severn, at or near a Place called held and u fed as a Market-place for the Sale of Hay and Lidney Pill, within the said Parish of Lidney, will not Straw for more than a Century past, during which lime, on]y open an ea{y aild commodious Communication\>e-as the Petitioners believe, the Inhabitants of the said tween the said River and the Coal Pits, Mines, Quarries,

Street have not sufferedany Inconvenience thereby: And anj jron Works, on the Kaftern and Southern Sides of therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by them- the said Forest, whereby the Convej 'ance of Coal, Iron selves, Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against any Bi 1 Ore, LJme> Stone, and Iron, from the said Forest to the that may he brought in for removing the said Market, Rjvcr Severn, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that they jess CXpenfive, but will also in other Respeits be of great may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the public Utility. — And the Witness added, That the Pe-Iloufe may teem meet. _ b titioners are willing and desirous, at their own Colts, to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the begin, complete, and maintain such Railway.

Table. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of several Parishes in ti e IVIr. Symonds reported from the Committee, to whom surrldg* Hilt, North and South Marshes, in the County of Somerset, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are &c- Railways whose Names arc thereunder written, was referred; That thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com- reported!, the Committee had examined, and found that the said mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Rail-relative to Bills for building Bridges, it not being in- ways, had been complied with, except tint no Notice tended to give Power to raile any Rates, Tolls, or Du- of the Application to Parliament was given at the last tics, for pasting over any Bridge or Bridges proposed to Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the County of Gloucester, be built; and that the Committee had examined the the Person employed to give the Notices not having been Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to then informed that such Notice was necelfaiy; and exreport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; cept, tjiat mTwoof the Notices, published in The Clou-and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- ceJier Journal on the 14th and 21st Days of September last, livered it in at the Clerks I able: Where the same was the Parish of Nezvland was omitted, the Person cm-read; and is as followed^; viz. ployed to give the Notices nut having been at that Time

lo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. apprized that the Line of the said Railway would pass IV 11 ham IVkite being examined, laid, That there is no through that Parish; but the said Line will pass through Provision made in the Axe Drainage Bill, now before the Parish of Nezvland only for the Distance of Three the House, for the Erection of Bridges at Hobs-Boat, in Furlongs; and all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands the Parish ol Lympfkam, and at IV/ute-House, in the Pa- that parish, through which the Railway is intended rish of Enjl Brent, where there are now ancient Fords for to pass> are consenting thereto; and that the Committee the Benefit of Communication between a large Number had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and ot Parishes, which mud be destroyed by the intended had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to . deepening of the River Axe % and which, if destroyed, will them, to the House; and he read the Rqx>rt. in his be of great Detriment to the Petitioners, and the Place; aml afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and to the Com- Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-munity at large. loweth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

T^ble. John Hazledine being examined, said, That the making

i # and maintaining of a Railway from a certahi Place called

Mu SywonJs reported from the Committee, to whom Surridge Hill, in His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the the 1 ctition of the several Persons, whole Names are County of Gloucester, through the Extra-parochial Lands thereunto subscribed, was referred; lhat the Committee of the said Forest, and through the Parishes of Nezvland ' had examined, and found that the Standing Orders ot and Knar Jean, ill the said County, to the River Wye, at the House, relative to Bills for making Railways, had a certain Place called Lidbrook, in the same County, been complied v\ith, except that the last of the Ihree will not only open an caly and commodious Conimuni-Notices of the Application to Parliament in TJieGlouceJ- cation between the ikid River and the Coal Pits, Mines, *

' Quarries,

u.

42 Geo. III. 13 dprili343

Quarries, and Iron Works, on the Northern Si'de of the said Forest, whereby the Conveyance of Coal and other Minerals from the said Forest, for the Supply of the ‘City of Hereford, the Town of Monmouth, and the Counties of Hereford and Monmwill be greatly facilitated, and rendered lei's expensive, but will also in other Re-Ipcfts be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

JVnton Lord Viscount Hinchingb presented to the House,

pretblted. Bill' according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'o/ % 1., That the Bill be read a Second Time.

schti'vfto A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Notices for thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of laclosure*110* Estates in the Manor and Hamlet of tVeJi the

Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 13th Day of March last, Notices have been given on One of the Doors of the Parish Church of Letcombe Regis, and on One of the Doors of the Chapel of

Challoiv, in the Parish of Letcombe ,on Three Sundays in the Month of March last, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. George Vansittart,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mouiniey Mr. Serjeant Moore reported from the Committee, to (DiTiTm) whom the Bill for inclosing and improving Mouutjoy improvement Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of re-committed Dublin, was re-committed; That the Committee had Bill, reported. mar|e fevcrai other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Oldham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

corr!mitted.' ' rnons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Oldham, in the Parish of Prefer ic h-cv.m-Oldbam, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

1lefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -bur re of Lane allure, Mr, Stanley, And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Chatham Poor thereunto lubscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Bin. Vox.. 57.

Hereditaments and Premises, and Parishioners of the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, was presenteu to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for raising Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates, and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and Setting forth, That the said Bill is brought forward by a few Individuals of the said Parish, contrary to the Decision of a large Majority of the Parishioners in public Vestry assembled, for the Purpose of determining on the said Measure; and that the Petitioners consider the general Law of the Land fully adequate for the Government and Regulation of the Poor of the said Parish, and that the present Bill will be attended with a ve y considerable Expence, and consequently much increase the Poors Rates; and, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Rights, Interests, and Property of the Parishioners of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill,

and that the same may not oafs into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then Reard, by themselves, their Agents;

Counsel, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at' the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Cardingto* mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Bni!°com-Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish mitted. of Cardington, in the County of Bedford, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hob house,

Mr. St. John, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the 'Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open reported. ' and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Szeerford, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, w>as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Pfoufe to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, AftforTehrf upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an of Spiritual Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry Persons* the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from

" having

A. 1802.

Reported.

Muvi Lef-rre*s Eli ate B)iJ| read.

Petition from W'jiuil and Wolverhampton, nljfive so iull-bajt-i«g-

" having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of " Ferms, See." be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hemy Alexander took the Chair of the Corn-mil tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, 'Hiat such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an Undivided Moiety of certain

other Hereditaments in the same County, respectively deviled, in strict Settlement, by the Will of John Esquire, deceal'ed, in Charles Esquire, and

his Heirs; and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in Lieu thereof, and to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of IValjall, in the County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And allb,

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Country for many Miles round them is become very populous, by reason of the Manufactories and very extensive Collieries, Iron Works, and Lime Works, established and carried on therein; and that such Manufactories, Collieries, Iron Works, and Lime Works, have of late Years greatly increased, and are daily very rapidly increasing, and many Miners, Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers, are constantly wanted or employed in the different Mines, Works, and Manufactories; and that, for some Years pall, the Practice of Bull-baiting hath prevailed amongst the lower ClaU'es of Society in the Neighbourhood, in a very alarming Degree, to the great Prejudice of the Persons concerned therein, the Distress, and sometimes the Ruin, of

their respective Families, and to the great Annoyance and Injury of the Public at large; and that such Practice is usually promoted and encouraged by Persons notorious for their Depravity; and Drunkenness, idleness. Gaming,

Swearing, and every other Species of Disorder and Riot, are the Consequences of itr, and it is become highly offensive to all peaceable and well-disposed Persons: And therefore praying, That the House will adopt such Measures to redress this growing Evil, as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ChatWn further Cortlideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates, and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday, the 4th Day of May next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Fenifaiuoa Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, committed!'^ the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenjlanton, in the County of Huntingdon;

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 14th Day of December last:, praying to be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Mr. Fell owes, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several P*pet« re-Papers, which were presented to the House upon i^joaFlouc

nesday last, byMr. Worsley (Clerk to the London Company Company, to for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread) be be Pnnted* printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were Estimate of appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Al- to lowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Officers, rc-Militia in Time of Peace, That the Committee had pre- P01^ pared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

£ S TIM AT E of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the MILITIA;

To 479 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the late War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of f. 25 per Annum respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercise -

To 173 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance oif. 20 per Annum rcl'pectively - *

L

s. d.

">975 — —

3,460 ——

c

I5>435 ——

Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

13° A prills.

Ordered

Table.

That the said Report do lie upon the

Accounts,&c. presented:

Imports from Surinam, See.

Vessels deared out iron Liverpool for Africa.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, jpresented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar* Rum, Coffee, and Cotton, imported into Great Britain from the Colonies of Surinam, Berbice, Demerara, and as all'o

from the Islands of Martimco, St. Tobago,

and St. Eujiatia, for Three Years previous to the iff: January lait, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, as well as the Quantity imported from each Colony or Island; together with the Net Amount of Duty paid thereon: And also.

An Account of all Vessels which have Annually cleared

345

Courant and The Keffo Mail, in the present Month of April and in the Month of May next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Sir Robert Peel presented to the tdoufe, according to Bill respect-Order, a Bill for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton toil and other and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories: And fa^or»«» the same was received; and read the First Time. pre ente *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vessels arrived in the West Indies from Africa*

Journals of Surgeons of Slave Ships.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Proceeding* Burnett, of the Parish of Christ in the County of c'oaisAclmea-

out from the Port of Liverpool for the Coalt of Africa, Surrey, and John Church, of the Parish of Kensington, in furement for Slaves, since the ill of January 1796, distinguishing the County of Middlesex, which was presented to the Petition* each Year; and specifying the Names and Tonnage of House upon the 25th Day of February last, and then the said Vessels respectively, together with the Part of ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read, the Coast for which such Vessels severally cleared out: And the same being read accordingly.

And also, - Ord, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

An Account of all Vessels which arrived in the British sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

West Indies from Africa with Slaves, since the ift January the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City

1796, distinguishing each Island and each Year; specify- of London, in Common Council assembled (relative to

ing also, the Tonnage of the said Vessels respectively, and establishing a Coal Market) is referred; and that they

the Number of the said Slaves re-exported from the said do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the

Islands respectively: And also, lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Copies of all Journals of Surgeons of Slave Ships which have been transmitted from the West Indies to the ,» c 1. .1 , t r TL ,lL.

J Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Anfcrer to

< limited Time, and to amend an Act, made in the last T' th're,n "f"?1."# ..

" Session of Parliament, intituled. Ax A8 Co amend, and 5"‘JjV1') 1b.'" presented to His Majesty j and " a Hmiui Tine.feverxl Acts of Parian, for ft* His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this

- J ----- J - y. House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition* Dyers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the f°Jnv£'jTis County of York: And aHo, field, ref^a-

A Petition of the Merchants, Cloth Dressers, and "S D^e3 upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Dyers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wakefield, in papers?* House.. the County of York;

Account of Imports from Surinam, See. to be printed.

Appendix,

(No. 56.)

Leave granted for Notice* respecting Durham and Ben* ick Roads and Bridges.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

The Two last of the said Accounts, and the Copies of Journals, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 1 ft Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the a6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also an Act, made in the 29th Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Rafter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Durham, and also at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and also at the Head Court to be holden for the County of Berwick, in North Britain, next after Easter, and also Th ree Times in the Newspapers called The Newcaft/e V01..57.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Excise Duty of lor. 6 is charged for every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and also a like Duty of 6 s. for every Hundred Weight of Glazed Papers for Clothiers and Hot Proffers, made in Britain; and that by another Act, made in the 41st Year of His present Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of 10 j. 6 d. is charged upon every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain, but which Act does not impose any Addition to the Duty of 6 s. charged upon Glazed Papers for Clothiers and Hot Preflers by the said first-mentioned Act; and that there are Two Sorts of Papers used in the finishing and prelfing of Woollen Goods, the one a thin Sort, highly glazed, for the finishing of Stuff or Worsted Goods, the other of a thicker Kind, not so much glazed, for the finishing of Woollen Cloth; and that, since the passing of the last mentioned Act, the Board of Excise have charged the said additional Duty upon the thicker Kind of Papers used for the finishing of Woollen Cloths, thereby deeming the same as Pasteboard, which the Pe-tioners conceive is contrary to the Intention of the Legislature, who by no Means intended to impose any additional Duties upon Papers used by Clothiers or Hot Preflers for the finishing of their Goods: And therefore praying the House to 4 T take

139 Aprilis. 180a.

Pcfj>ion a^ainlt Malt and Bcrr Tax £ul, rejected.

English Militia Bill, rdered.

Scotch Militia Bill, ordered.

Committee on Acts relative to the National Debr, deferred.

take their same into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Member informed the House, That he had a Petition against the Malt and Beer Tax Bill, the Committee on which Bill was one of the Orders of the Day; but the Speaker acquainted the Member, that it could not be received; to which the House, by* general Voice, assented.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of " Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that " Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia; and for making other " Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to regulate, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Number of " Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, " and Places, therein mentioned j and for supplying of " Vacancies in the Militia," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mi;. Steele, and the Earl of Eufion, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland: And that Mi:. Secretary at War, Mr. Dundas, and Mr.

Alexander Hope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 32d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

F.n^lirh Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-

preknudl11, *nS to Order, a Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,\ 83.

Tellers for the Noes,j } 12

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coni, mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord- Bill for grant.

inc to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Vls E)"t,ts °n ri° . , . 0. ° , J imports amt

Duties on Goods imported or exported, and on tonnage Exports, pre-of Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and fented-read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Bill forpre-ing of the Bill (now ingrafted) to repeal so much of an ^"fnEtec. Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of tions, de-King William the Third, intituled, <c An Act for pre- ferred*

" venting Charge and Expence in Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament; and to make other and more effectual Frovi-fions in lieu thereof?

Ordered, That the said Bill1 be read the 'Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to- Bill to repeal resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon income^ae-1 the Bill for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effec- ferred. tual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Bill to con-Restrictions contained in several Acts of the 37th and Restriction* 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Pay- on Payment* ments in Cash by the Bank, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will," upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Uuties I'liu*" *° rc*°*vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain-, on Hops grown in, or imported into Great Britain, and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excite on Beer, Ale, and Malt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Servants, whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Ma- B31, ° jesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, deterred. Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3

42 Geo. III. 14* Ap347

Mercurii, 14° <//V Aprilis;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP1* Regis, i 8 o a* Prayers.

Northampton (YRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

-writ8 die Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of , in the County of

Northampton, in the roofn of the Honourable Spencer Perceval, who hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

itchin Navi- The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon

re-com^'t' ^ie dhs Instant April, was made from the

re-committe Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending,

and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refoly ed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

ct^ijre Ein Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to reported. ' whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Trad of Common or Waste Lind, called Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oahfey, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,-One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Christchurch, Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, &c. incioiur* to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, reporte . certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Christchurch, and Parish or Chapelry of HoldenhurfI,in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at 259. 1 s. per Annum, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.360. 7 8 per

Annum, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors aft'cflld at £. 192. 155. 11 per Annum, who could not ^>e met with; and that the Whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.7,618. nr. 51 d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and VoL. 57.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor Mickleton or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other, inclosure BUI, Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton comnutted-and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 12th Year of Keyingham, the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds and committed.

" Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and,

" Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham and

" Camerton, Burjlwick, and Skeckling, Burton , and " Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, Roofs, Rims-

" well, Tunstall, W,axholtne, Elflernwick, Lelley,

" ton. Filling, Hi/stone, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and " Tanflerne, within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East " Riding of the County of York ;" and to render more , effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented.to the House, according Tybumand

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the presented.'

1 ft and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over HanwellHeath, through the Parishes of New

Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington travel Pits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, repairing, widening, im- reported, and proving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, re-committed, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street,

Whitechapel; and also a Branch, or short Cut, from the said Road, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also, for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Little Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through SomerJ'et Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street,

Dumfries Road Bill, reported.

*altley, kc. Jailoiure iii pfcjeiued.

348 I40 Aprilis, A* 1802,

in the City of London, was committed; and to whom dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are mon Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Three within the Hamlet of Salt ley and in the

A<5ls, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Parish of AJion, near in the County of

Majesty, and in the 5th and 40th Years of the Reign of Warwick And the same was received; and read the His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, First Time.

and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into

the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carry- Temple Bar* from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, ing into Execution Three several Acts, pa (Fed in the and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in 35th, 38th, and in the 39th and 40th Years of the committed,

the said County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and im-of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder proving the Entrance into the City of London, near signed, being a Quonim of His Majesty's Justices and Temple; for making a more commodious Street, or Commissioners of Sewers, acting in and for the Tower Passage, at Snozv; and for railing, on the Credit of Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catharine's and Blackwall the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes;

Marsh; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being inhabi- of the said Acts, was read a Second Time, tants of the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, and the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the County of Middlesex; and William Anderson, Mr. Henry Thornton, &c.: And they also, the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Execution an Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, the Speaker's Chamber.

Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages,

in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year Surrey and of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Su£«Road* County of Middlesex, and also, Red Lion Street and Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading committed. White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in and Obstructions therein; and also, of the Commissioners the County of and several other Roads therein

for putting in Execution an Act for paving and regu- mentioned; and for granting other Powers for thol'e lating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Thornton, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary, White- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's chapel, and preventing Annoyances therein, and for Chamber.

enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint

Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Ex- An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Maldftone pences incurred in repairing the Parish Church; and ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed R^1d^iU» also, the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Society in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King P of the Mystery of Gunmakers of the City of London, George the Second, and the other in the 8 th Year of the under their Common Seal, were severally referred; That Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of unto, which they had directed him to report to the Cranbrooke, in the said County, was read the Third House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Time.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg-

And the House being informed that several other ing the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Thirty-Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and Committee to whom the same was committed. keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-

nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in Mr. Boyd reported from the Committee, to whom the the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cran-from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of brooke, in the said County.

Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, at or near to the present Bridge there, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town Petition from the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the and Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, Wednesoury, Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several whose Names are thereunto subscribed, W'as presented to Bull-baiting. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the House, and read; Setting forth. That for some to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Years pall the Practice of Bull-baiting hath prevailed Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the amongst the lower Classes of Society in and about the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Amend- said Town and Neighbourhood, and is now carried on ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second in a very alarming Degree, to the great Prejudice of the Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally Persons concerned therein, the Distress, and sometimes put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ruin of their respective Families, and to the great An-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be noyance and Injury of the Public at large: And there- ingrafted. fore praying, That the House will adopt such Measures to redress this growing Evil as shall seem meet.

! Sir George AugustusWilliam ShuckburghEvelyn pre- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

' fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Table.

6 A Message

Tht Lord* have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities,

Windows. &c. Duties BilL

Com T nule Bill.

Horlbim Hoad Bill.

Sawfton inclosure Bill.

Silkftone, &c. Indolure Bill.

Sotherton Moor inclosure Bill.

Kempfton inclosure Bill.

Baldwin

Eilingham, ice Inclosure Bill.

Great Crop-well inclosure Bill.

Pakenham inclosure Bill.

42 Geo. III. 140 Jprilis. 549

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-five Millions, by way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to Mis Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from in the County of

Sussex, through Capcll, Dorking, and -

head, to the Watch House in Ebbijkam, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stone , in the Parish

of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and otherOpen and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sa-wston, in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Met'ne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkstone, Hoyland Swaine, and Cawthorne, in the Parish

of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paftiires, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempston, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Common", and Waste Lands, within the several Pari lh es of Filing ham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and Ge/deftone, in the County of Norjolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Crop-well Bishop, otherwise Great in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waftq Grounds, within the Vol. 57.

Parish of Pakenham, in she County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John. Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands* Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, far certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon -Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enabie John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him, in Fee Simple lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to require the Overseers of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound by them as Apprentices, ,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to th6 Bill, by way of Ryder, for limiting the Number of Children to be taken as Apprentices in the Cotton Ma-nufaftories.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up -,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices, and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Indulby, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 louse.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 U Ordered,

The lord, have passed

Dufceof

Argyll'* filiate Bill.

Duke of Norfolk's Estate Bill.

Duke of Argyll's Estate Bill, read.

Parish Apprentices Biff, passed.

Coroner* Pees Bill, deferred.

English Militia Bill, committed.

14° Apr

A. 180

Bill respefiing . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second $r:zei ^eading of the Bill for the Preservation of the Health and other and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in committed. and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Confident ion of Report respemng Interference of Peers, &c. in Eletfiont, deferred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Motions, made upon the 30th Day of October last, respecting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament; and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 2.7th Day of this

Instapt April.

Bill for prnnt- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ilnportt'and* Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Bxporis, Duties on Goods imported or exported, and on Tonnage committed. of ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 23d Day of this Instant , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to t^e t, V. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, National Debt, to consider of Two Acts, made in the 26 th and 3 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Acts.

crvants. Carriages, &c. Duties iiill, reported.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Hackney Coach Horses.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported fcer, &c.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into Britain;

on Malt made in Great Britain; ort Hops grown in, or imported into Great Britain-, and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain-, for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excii'e on Beer, Ale, and Malt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ex- ' tending the Time for allowing certain Drawbacks therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House', to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- ' grafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill respeaing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of of Ireland, the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith (from the Accounts Treasury in Ireland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant of Ireland, to their Orders, presented.

N° I. An Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from the iftof January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue — the Amount of the Grefs Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the ift Day of January 1801, and on the 5th Day of January 1802, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 1 ft Day of January 1801, and on the 5th Day of January 1802, respectively. whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of Exchequer Bills ifllied for

4^ Geo. III.

the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period; — inclosing.

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Produce of the Duties of Customs in Irchmd, in the Year ending the 5th of Januaryi8®2; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to£. 500, or upwards:

Appendix (B.) An Account of the Produce of the Duties of Excise and Licences, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing the Duty on each Article in the said Year; also the Amount of the Quit Rent, Hearth Money, Carriage Duty, Male Servants Duty, and Window Light Duty:

Appendix (A. and B. continued.) General Statement of the preceding Accounts:

Appendix (A. and B. continued.) An Account of the Management, Re-payments, Deserters Warrants, Militia Payments, and Bounties, &c. paid out of the Gross and Net Revenue of Ireland, in the Year ending 5th January 1802:

Appendix (A. and B. continued.) The Right honourable Sir Henry Cavendish, Bart. Receiver General of all Duties, Aids, Revenues, and Taxes, in Account with Government, from 26th December

1800 to 5th January 1802:

Appendix (C.) An Abstract of the Account of Stamp Duties for One Year, ending January 5th 1802:

Appendix (D.) An Abstract of the Revenue of the Post Office, with the Payments made to the Treasury, and the Expence of Management, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1802:

Appendix (E. N° 1.) An Account of the Produce of Sixpence per Pound deducted from all Gross Payments made in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland in One Year, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1802:

Appendix (E. N° 2.) An Account of the Produce of One Penny One-Fifth Part per Pound (or lo Shillings per Cent.) deducted as Pells Fee from all Gross Payments made in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland in One Year, from the 5th January 1801 to the 5th January 1802:

Appendix (Fd An Account of all Monies received in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland in the Year ending 5th January 1802, on Account of Duty on W rought Plate:

Appendix (G.) An Account of all Monies received in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, under the Head of " Casuallies," in the Year from 5th January 1801 to the 5th January 1802:

Appendix (H.) An Account of all Monies received in His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland in the Year ending the 5th January 1802, on Account of the Four-Shilling Tax on Salaries, Pensions, and the Net Profits of Employments of Persons who have not relided Six Calendar Months in Ireland between the 25th March 1800 and the 25th March

1801:

Appendix (I. K. L. M. N. O. P.) An Account of the several Sums of Money received at His Majesty's Treasury in lr.land in the Year ending the eth January 1802, on Account of deceased and uifmilTed Collectors — on Account of Public Coal Yards — on Account of Interest due by Grand Canal Company, and Commissioners of Wide Streets — on Account of Advances for Seamens Wages — on Account of Gain by Exchange — on Account of Rice, Indian Corn, &c. — and on Account of other Monies paid to the Public, &c.:

Appendix (Q.) An Account of the Sums received in His Majesty's Treasury of by way

of Lotteries, between 5th January i8ox and 5th January 1802;

VOL.57.

Appendix (R.) An Abstract of the several appropriated. Duties for One Year ended the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (S-) An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills itfued for the Public Sendee in

land, between the 5th January 1801 and the 5th January 1802, and not redeemed within that Period:

Appendix (S. continued.) An Account of the Total Sums of Money which have been paid into His Majesty's Treasury in Irela, on Account of Public Loans, between the 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802:

Appendix (T.) An Account of the Sums of Money which remained in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, on the cth January 1801 and on the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Amount of Money appropriated for local Purposes from the Consolidated Fund: And also,

N° II. An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1802; and also, of the attual Payments thereout within the said Year, &c.: And also,

N° III. An Account of the Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the several Collectois of Customs and Excise employed in the Collecti n of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and now deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their Names, the Sums originally due, and at what Time; their subsequent Payments in Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively: And also,

N° IV. (N° 2.) An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1802: And also,

N° IV. (N° 3.) An Account of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland, on the 30th of September in each Year, respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, 1794, 1795,

1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801: And also,

N" IV. (N# 4.) An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage; and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the lame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing Irish from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguish-ng Ireland and the British Plantations in America and j he West Indies.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Third Appendix to the First of the said Accounts was withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of 2d June, on Account of Mistakes therein; the Residue of the said Appendixes, together with the Account marked N° III. are Appendix, preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session j (Nc>. 57,) and the Accounts marked N° I.*, and N° Il.-f-, j/j^0 ,3 )

and the Three la.lt Accounts §, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

§(No.59)

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- ®"PPb^ night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 1 ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

Ways and; Means, deterred.

Bill to repeal the Duties on Income, deferred*

Christchurch, &c. Inclolnre Bill, passed.

Oak fey IncMurc Bill, palfed.

Halvergate Inclosure Bill, presented.

G(*v!frftone Inclosure Bill, presented.

Dumf ies JRoad Bill,

352 140 — 15® Aprilis. A- 1802.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Dumfries, by the Boroughs of and Annan, tp

vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there,

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for was read the Third Time.

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow be. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to Seven night, the 2 2d Day of this In(lant April, resolve extend from or near to a Place called in the

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County -of Dumfries,

Bill for repealing the Duties on Income, for the effectual by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River

Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there, for the fame, and for charging the Annuities specifically Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, chained thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great and desire their Concurrence.

Britain.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to WeA Horsley And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Morning, Ten of the Clock. Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish and Manor of West Horftey, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclqfure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and doling, certain Commonable Lands and Waste afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Grounds, within the Parish oiChristehurch, and Parish or at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Chapelry of Holdenhtaft, in the County of Southampton, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

was read the Third lime. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there -

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the upon, were agreed to by the House.

Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing an Appeal to the Orde, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Quarter Sessions. ingrafted.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Rolleftoa made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosure Billy

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the reporte be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Parish of Rolleston, in the County of Stafford, was com-Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found Parish of Chr ft church, and Parish or Chapelry of Holden- that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to. Bills

hurst, in the County of Southampton. of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Conr-

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Oakfey Estates assessed to the Land 'Fax at £.3. os. 6 who

Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Oakfey, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Estates alfelTed at£.6. is. 6 who were neuter; and Time. that the Whole Property belonging to.Persons interested

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 174. 2 s.; be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to tain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Oakfey oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had goi\e Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Oakfey, in the County of Wilts. unto, which they had directed him to report to the

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were- Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Once read, thrpughout; and then a Second Time, One Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish upon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment of Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was made, by the House, to the Bill, was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ingrossed.

Jov is, 15® die Aprilis;

Anno 42* Georgii Regis, 1802. Prayers.

Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderftone, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing and improving Mount-joy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the Cqunty tin) Improve-of Dublin, was read the Third Time. ment Kill,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pii e be. An Act for inclosing and improving Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Moore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Royal Affepj Black Rod: t®BU"'

Mr,

Mr. S[>eaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do ck-fire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Com-♦niflion alore-rm mioned, had beenat the House of Peers, where a Comn hfion under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Adimt to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Ilighncls the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Ilighncls the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, 11 is Ro\al Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Hig! mats tl:e Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highnets the Duke of G'nucrjier, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal All ent to the find Bills; and that the Lord A Ivan Ay, the Lord Pelham, and the Lord IVaftngham, named also in the said Commifiiuii, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Alient to the said Bills: Which. Bills are as fulloweth; viz.

An Act for raiding the Sum of Twenty-five Millions by v;ay of Annuities:

An Act forgranting to His Majesty certain additional Dut ies on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight Hundred and Three, several Acts' of the last Session of Parliament, for reviving, continuing, and amending, several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland:

An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed, and vended, within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Pari 111 of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of

Middlesex:

An Act for building a new Gael for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Land sufficient for the same; and for other Purposes relating the reto:

An Act for repealing id much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining aNavigable Canal " from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of " Salop, to the River Aler/ey, at or near Netherpocl, in the County of Chr/rer, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended " Canal/' as re lira ins the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Linx Stone, upon aPart of the said Canal; and for authorizing the f:\id Company of Proprietors to mile a Sum of Money, to make up the Amount of Their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts pallid relative to the making of the said Canal: An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Alerfey to make Railways; to alter the Course of the Railway from Frog hall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghail VwL. 57.

to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Alerfey Canal Acts:

An Act for amending, and rendering miore effectual, so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " efraining and prclerving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great " Level of the Fens* commonly called Bedford Levels " between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Slokt " River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or Distried called Fe/twell New Distriel, and the Hard Lands " of lVoodkall-in~Helgay, and Fletgay, in the Counties of " Norfolk and Suffolk," as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act:

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of DozvnJ ham Market, IVimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Run ham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for continuing the Term, ind altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Giles to Skipion, in the County of 7'ork, and from Skipton aforesaid to Cubic, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or r)ircdion of certain Parts of the said Road from Oilcv to Skipton aforesaid:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers *of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George v the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of

o o

Barnftey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to IVkite Crofs\ and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence, for Two hundred Yards, over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the TownshipofCazvthome, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Two Acts, one passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from HorJI.am, in the County of Sfjrx, through CapelL Dorking, Alickleham, and Leather head, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Cape!/ to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and \\ aflc Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrczcas, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Trad of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhos-hir-lVann, situate in the fevered Parishes of A her demon, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in tlx County of Carnarvon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields Siinud Failure, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of Yurie:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common f ields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempftcn, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish oiHtrningsca, in the County of Cambridge:

4 X An.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Woobnrn, in the County of Buckingham

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Paufh of Stratfield. Mortimer, in the Counties of Berks and Hants:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within, and belonging to, the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton, otherwise Drake's Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, in the Manors of Troddermain, Walton and Lanercojl,

all in the Parish of Lanercojl, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Hamlets or Tythings of West Aston, otherwise West Tafion, and Middleton,

in the Parish of Longparijin the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Cropwell Bishop, otherwise Greai Croprve/l, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, with in the Parish of in the County of

Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half-Year or Shack lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of EllingBroome, Kirby Cane, and Geldestone, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saivston, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Hands, within the Parish of Baldwin in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkstone, Hoyland Swaine, and Cawthorne, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for naturalizing Kolle.

Petition Mr. Charles Dundasreported from the Committee, to

relative whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names

West Chaliow are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors inciofure, of Estates in the Manor and Hamlet of in

reported. the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove tire Allegations of the said Petition, by an Affidavit produced to the Committee, it appeared. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 13th Day of March lall, Notices have been given on one of the Doors of the Parish Church of 'Letcombe

Regis, and one of the Doors of the Chapel of West Chaliow, in the said Parish of Let combe Regis, in the County of Berks, on Three Sundays in the Month of March last, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste < Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Chaliow, in the Parish of Letcomb? Regis, in the County of

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Manor and Hamlet of West Chaliow, in the Parish of Lctcombe Regis, in the County of Berks, which w-as presented to the House upon the and Day of February lall; and also the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Bill order«cf. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Charles Dundas and Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town Petition from and Parish of Darlaston, in the County of Stafford, w'hole 'o

Names are thereunto subscribed, w'as presented to the Bull-baiting. House, and read; Setting forth. That for some Years past the Practice of Bull-baiting hath prevailed amongst the lower Classes of Society in and about the said Town and Neighbourhood, and is now carried on in a very alarming Degree, to the great Prejudice of the Persons concerned therein; the Distrcls, and sometimes the Ruin, of their respective Families; and to the great Annoyance and Injury of the Public at large: And therefore praying.

That the House will adopt such Measures to redress this growing Evil as shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tire Table.

v.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition 6f thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in E*e-ution an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of Roads against His present Majesty, for more efifcftually repairing the Surrey and Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Roads Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for other Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His pre-ferit Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Reads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of , and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and Setting lorth. That by the said Bill, the Annual Sum of £.90 is-directed to be paid by the Petitioners and their Co-Trustees to the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, towards the Repair of the Roads comprized in the said Bill, which the Petitioners conceive will impose a Burthen and Expence upon the Revenues of their said Road that in Justice and Equity they ought not to bear: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such of the Allegations,

Clauses, and Provisions, of the said Bill, as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their '

Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered,

4

42 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis

355

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

Beer, &c. Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bil,» Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into, Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain-, on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Spirits difrilled in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Malt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A nd that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into, Great Britain; on Malt made in Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into. Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imjx>rted into Britain;. for

repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Malt.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

frrvants. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His pared. Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horles, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Holies, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

E°miiihMeeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia Bill. to resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wall please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. jv[r, Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Vol. 57.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last irithEleaiorts Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulat- " ' or<ier*'d"

" ing, until the First Day of May One thousand Eight

hundred and Two, the Trial of Controverted Eiections, of Returns of Members to serve in the United " Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part " of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of the said Act as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns: And that Mr.

Wickham, Mr. Corry, and Lord Viscount CaJUereagh, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee oh to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Apprentices8 upon the Bill for the Preservation of the Health and at Cotton and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and rtiade fevml Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported^ mittee, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Papers House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, iihPdot8

N° 1. A Paper, intituled, " Information relative to Trinidad,

" the State of Cultivation of the Island of , and Pl'eklUcri-

" to the Amount of its Population; extracted from " Observations annexed to a Survey of the Island made " since the Capture of the lame, and transmitted by " Brigadier General Picton, the Officer commanding " thereinAnd also,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable Ix»rd Hobart, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to Governor Billon; dated the 29th of June 1801: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Governor Pillion to the Right honourable Lord Hobart; dated Trinidad, the 8th of September 1801.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table# to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The feid Papers are preserved amongst the other"

Papers of this Session,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the imported!* 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, vvimTii!1 " An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs Boiriss, to bs " and Excile, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, conuderea.

" and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties compiling the Public Revenue; for

*" permitting

15° Apr

A. 1802.

"permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the *r European Dominions of the King, into this

" Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Liees, to the lied notion of the National " Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Rc/o/vtulyThat this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itlcif info a Committee of the whole House, to contider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles.

Bill for The Order of the Day heing read, for the Third

£<Pce'm Beading of the ingrofi'ed Bill to repeal so much of an K:-ctuns, Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of

dcfe.Tcd. King IVifli.vn the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Exjrence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serv-irp; in Parliament, and to make other and more effectual

o # #

Privisions in lieu thereof;

A M otion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third 1 line;

The Amendments following were ft ve rally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Tomorrow u Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April"

And the Question being put. That the Word "now" Hand Fart of the Quelhon;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words upon u Tomorrow Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant 4‘ April" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

T hen the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April.

I-mH Mr. Wickham presented to the House, according to

Eicctionsp1!!*' Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, pre cntt(. nulch of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May One thousand Fight hundred and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qua- liiication of Members to serve in the said United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IVcdnejday Morning next.

port of A Bill to authorize the Advancement of further Sums Lumtnn cf Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for complet-1K»;7yenent ir.g the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, rommauU. passed in the 39th Year of I iis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, 44 and for better regulating, the Port of London ," were dircfied to be made and done by the Major, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rtfo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole i Ionic.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord? Wilmot: lmc agreed td

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rdit/

for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums connected of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons wi:h Grenada# connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada &c* and Saint Vincent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several A els, passed in the Twenty* seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majestcy, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton y read through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pag-nelly in the County of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridge \ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Knotting

O 7 J 4 P ,4 j)

for continuing the Perm, and altering and enlarging the 1

Powers, of Two several Act % passed in the Twenty-Icventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the TTventy-first T ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetlwood Gate, in tire Parish

O O . ' 1

of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns ot Rida den and Higharn Ferrers, and over Artie-borough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Sea-grave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Sea.grave, in the County of Northampton , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bbury for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, KoiU* and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Swa/ciijfe, in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes, in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge eroding the River Stour, in tire Parish of Bar eked on, in the said County of Warwick: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kelso Two for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of |NnIJ»esScot*>

o 0 0 __ Bill.

Two several Aeis of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his L\te Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or ibid, within the Town and Parish of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Abbotts for dividing, allotting, and melding, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Morion, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hir^nv;

for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclyiurc^H-Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment *. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, *An Act Kcm^sfonl for altering, amending, and rendering more efftclna1, an Dj?dd Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of inciolurc Bill. His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing,

44 allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes ot Kcmp ford and Drxffic/d, in the County of Gloucester " and for en-largi ng and extending the Powers oP the Commissioners in

IS

21

Aprilis.

357

Egton-with-Newlami Iacloluic Bill.

We^on ami Stutton B.ilu rt inclomic Bill.

The Lord*; have passed

RecW of Mertlu r Tyclvit's Leases Bill.

Bill read.

in the said Act named; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Moffos, within the Manor or Town Hi ip of Eg - New/and, in the Parish

of Ulvcrftou, in the County Palatine of with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commona'ole and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of and Sutton

Baffett, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Hector of the Par:111 and Parish Church of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of for the

Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

T.aft India The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Account* &c Directors of the hi Jl India Company) attended at the P relented.^ Door; he was Called in; and, at the Bar, p relented to the I Joule, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N" i. Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of 1 March 1802; containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Cluuges, ai d Payments in Great Britain, under the sevenil Heads thereof; together with an Eiti-mate of the same for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-fioat: And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, relative to " the Accounts directed to be laid before the House " by the Act of the 33d of His present Majesty, Cap. " c,z. Sec. 126

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The lait of the said Papers is prclerved amongst the Apptnaix other Papers of this Session; and the Account

(No. 60.) is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Styrrup, Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to

oidcoats, &c. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the preiOued. 1 ' several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and uninclosed Hands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, Oidcoats, and Farworth, and so much of as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Birth and Harr north, or one of them, in the County

cf Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second Time.

ponl, Mr. Mundy, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for vetting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached read.

Parts of the settled Estates of the Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom Wookey, &e.

the Bill for draining, preserving from Water, and im- iil11*

proving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Pari (tics or Chapelries of Wookey, West bury,

Rodney-Stoke, IVedmore, Mear, W

worth, Biddiftiam, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Ax-

bridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset-, and for

altering and imp: wing the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton,

East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddiftiam, Badgworth, JVeare,

and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from

a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 569 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 1,419 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Drainage consists of 16,457 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there, unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Deane Forest

Tuesdaylaft, was made from the Committee, to whom Bi),»

the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, W'as referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Railway from certain Collieries called Ketch Con and Park End Old Engine, in His Majesty's Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place called Lidney Pill, within the Parish of Lidney, in the same County: And that Mr.

Bragge and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Rar.fki!!, &c. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open lnclciurcB.ll, Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and commute . ^Vaste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ranjkill, in the Parish of Blyth and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham, W'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Vol. 57.

Mercuriiy 210 die Apr ills;

Anno 42° Georgii III'" Regis, 1802.

Pkayers.

MR. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, London

to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder- CcS1et^Ii*rJ^*t-men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common

4 Y Council

35B 2i° Jprilis. \ 1804.

Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had - directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Vaziebeing examined, said. That, from the ex-tenlive Population of the Cities of London and

minster, and Liberties thereof, and from the various Trades exercised and different Manufactures carried on therein, great Quantities of Coals are daily consumed, for the constant Supply of which Ships frequenting the Port of London, employed in the Coal Trade, are very numerous; and that it is of the utmost Consequence to the very Existence of several of the said Trades and Manufactures, in which the Consumption of Fuel must of Necessity be very great, that such Fuel should be obtained at as reasonable a Rate as possible; and that it would tend greatly to reduce the present very high Price of Coals (by preventing, in a considerable Degree, illicit Practices, and Combinations in the Coal Trade in the Port of London, having for their Object the railing of the Price t<* the Consumer) if a Market, under certain Rules and Restrictions, was established for the Sale of all Coals brought into the River , by means of

which the Quantity and Description of Coals brought in each and every Vessel, and at the Price at which the same were fold, might be generally known; and if certain other Regulations were made in the Vend of Coals brought into the Port of London.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of for the

Sale of Coals; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned: And that Mr. Alderman CoMr. Alderman , Sir John William Anderson, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Kevinrham Mr. Henry Lafccllespresented to the House, according

inclosure Bill, to Order, a Bijl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, predated. the Open Fields, Meadow, and Pallure Grounds, within the Township and Parish of in Holderness, in

the East Riding of the County of York-, and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof; and also, for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Shaw Le- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act five's Kitate for yelling the Entirety of certain Hereditaments, in commuted, the County of Middlesex, and an Undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, re-spectively devised, in Uriel Settlement, by the Will of John Lefevre, F.lquire, deceased, in Charles

Esquire, and his Heirs; and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Lies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lajce/les, Mr. Hill, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ooodcrftone A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry committed111' Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gcoderftone, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Calvert,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr.. Speaker do issue his Warrartt to Cambridgs* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ 01116 Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to l'erve in this present Parliament, for the County of Cambridge, in the room of General James W Adeane, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of Nor* for veiling several Messuages and Hereditaments in foIg;[jEllata Sheffield, in the County of fork, and divers detached Committed. Parts of the settled Estates of the Moll noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Howard, See.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, CoombeB/Fet certain Open and Commonable Fields, Downs, Mea- inciofureBUi, dows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe omml Byfet, otherwise Biftett, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Folkestone, Mr. Bouverie of Downlon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, West Grin-certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, stead, &c. and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Grinstead committed.1 ' and White Parish, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Folkestone, Mr. Edward Foley, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Denton and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, ^^rnTtKif Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Folkestone, Mr. Hcbhouse, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for opening several new Streets in Kilmarnock the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for alter- g^es^&c. ing and widening Tome of the Streets, Lanes, and Paf- Bill, passed. sages, within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock-, for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing Persons possessed of Grounds adjoining the Streets to build thereupon, under certain Restrictions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 25. 1. 34. After " proper" to insert " the said " Slaughter House, and Addition " to the Burial Ground, being always to be built and made upon

" Grounds

West Horfiey

In . lot lire Bill,

Jkilied.

ftrfinghain inclosure Bill, committed.

Tiverton

Inclosure Bill, reported.

bi*'jfprith.

359

Grounds in tke Neighbourhood " of Kilmar, belonging to the " Marquis and Marchioness of " Litchfield, and their Trustees."

Pr. 56. 1. 31. To leave out from " Days" to " And," in Pr. 57. 1. 27.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly!

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of A\r5 for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock \ for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard Iloule; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Maitlar.d do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrofi'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish and Manor of Horsley, in the County of Surrey, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of Horsley, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the Manor of EjfinghamEast Court, in the Parish of in

the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William RuJJe &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. St.John do make the Report from ' the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Evertou, within the Parish of Ever ton - cum - TMortis, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, home or one of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township cr Ilamlet of Evert on aforesaid, was committed.

Mr. St. John accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'l able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Act shall not affect any Leases or Agreements ref|>ecting Lands or Hereditaments not within the Town-Ill ;p or Hamlet of Ever!on.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

VOL. i7.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Great smugly Order, ft Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the toIJ<^|°lds Road leading from the South End of Brown's Lane, in prdented. the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Joseph Cooper, Esquire, was presented Petition of to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for ||lM1jK,per‘ raising a further Sum of Money fof carrying into Execu- Temple B^r, tion Three several Acts, passed in the 35th, 38th, and ^~nt'"[![ove~ in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple; for making a more commodious Street, or Passage, at Snow and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Aifts; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into ft Law in its present Form, will prove highly injurious t<j the Petitioner's Right and Interest: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affetft his Interest; and that he may have such Relief as to the House dial I seem meet.

Ordered, That the fin'd Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-t mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is Committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP*y-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That the Report which was Estimates made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre- MMtiTpay pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing and Cloathing. of the Militia of Great Britain for the Year 1802, be rtferred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recomtnends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1802, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report, which was Allowance* made from the Committee, who were appointed to officers* prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then

L-

21" — 22° Aprilis. 1802.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of t-he whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Hmi<r'tlienRe- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ft rict ion £ on continue, for a Time to be limited, the restrictions con-the Bank 1>y ta‘ned in several Acts of the 37th and 38 th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Calli by the Bank.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they lud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

C -mmiftfeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to impn-tition relblve itself, into a Committee of the whole House, to wines in* consider of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year

Bottles. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and " Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, " and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for " permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacturee of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, " remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National " Debt," as relates to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

r voKomr Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

( icdit'o! °n cn"d>Ie die Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea-SitpriiL-s fury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids

oMcnd. or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Hi ley Addington, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

9

The drder of the Day being read, for the House to Biltrefpeaing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^n^‘t"^ure upon the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regu- of Ireland, lation of the Linen Manufacturee in; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second iriihEleflions Reading of the Bill fdr continuing, for a Time to be Blll» deterred, limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections, or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a*Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

- Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, Manure Bill, a Bill for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses in the P‘c!cnted-Sale and Admeasurement of Soot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands,

Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for committed, certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting; and inclosing the Com- Henllan mons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Henllan, in the committed.^' County of Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jones,'

Mr. Robson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ^Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° dieAp;

Anno 42° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR, Metcalfe of Abingdon reported from tire Com- Petition of mittee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and ^einduded Proprietors of a certain Common Meadow, called Sand- in Abingdon, ford Mead, in the Hamlet of Sand ford, in the Parish of *c* Inclosur|e Saint Helen, in the County of Berks, was referred; That ,reporte the Committee had examined, and found that no Notices had been given of the Application mentioned in the said Petition; but it appeared to the Committee, that the said Meadow adjoins to a certain Open and

Common

1

42 Geo. III. 220 Apri. 3of

Common Field, called Field, in the Hamlet of

Shippon, in the Parish of Helen aforesaid, being

Part of the Lands mentioned in the Petition which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of February jart, fora bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned; and that the said Meadow is subject to a Right of Common by the Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said 1 lanrlet of Shippon only, and not of the Proprietors of Land in the said Hamlet of; and

that the same was intended, as well by the Proprietors thereof as by the Proprietors of Land in Shippon entitled to Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, to be included in the Petition for the said Bill; but the Circumstance of the said Meadow being subject to such Right of Common as aforesaid, and the Desire of the Parties interested therein to have the same inclosed not being known at the Time the said Petition was prepared, the said Meadow was not mentioned therein; and it further appeared to the Committee, that the said Meadow con-sids of about 30 Acres, and that all the Proprietors thereof are contenting to the same being included in the Bill so prayed for by the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Rafter being examined, said, That if the said Meadow called Sand ford Mead were divided and inclosed, the same would be much improved in Value.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Door of the Parish Church of Saint Helen, in the County of Berks, for Three Sundays in the present Month of April and in the Month of May next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

llalvergate A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-committetL mons» Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Williams's An ingrossed Bill from the I>ords, intituled, An Act EiUte Bill, for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams, Esquire, devised by the Will of Williams, Esquire, de-

cealed, in Trustees, Jo be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aberdeen An ingrossed Bill for building and maintaining a

r«dt be Third Bridewell and House of Correction in and for the City Time. and County of Aberdeen-, and for raising a Fund for

defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for apportioning the Number of Perfions to be committed by Magistrates for the City or County of Aberdeen.

And the said Ciaule was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then f vend Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Vot. 57.

Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Fishertori Gaol at Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was Reiftors presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Petition. Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Saltley, fee. and Common Fields^ Meadows, Warren, and Waste commuted.'11* Lands, within the Hamlet of Saltley and Waftrjooood, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. docke Wyndham, Mr. George Villiers,&c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Keyirigkant, whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 12th Year Bill, reported, of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low " Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes,

" Townships, and Places, of Keyingham,

" Marsh, Ryhill, and Camerton, Burftwick, and Skeck/ing,

" Burton Pidfea, and Ridgment, Ottringham,

" Owftivick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunstall, Wax holme, Elftern-

" wick, Lelley, Humbleton, Filling, Hi ft on, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory of " Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York j" and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ?,cft?r of to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Tyiivln*. Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Leases Bill, Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to comnutted* the said Rectory, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. EJlcourt,

Mr. Thomas Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and hrin? in bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of whatcote James Graham, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of 0 ure ‘‘ '

in the County of Wanvick, Patron of the Advowson of the Rectory of Whatcote, and Owner or Proprietor of the principal Part of the Lands within the said Parish.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the lndofure Bill, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Pra-‘ltLW' man Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

4 Z within

62 22° Aprilis, A. 180a.

within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Roliffton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, f"S.UreBin' ^ie Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rollejion, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rollejion, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whatcote Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon presented to the House> presented.8111' according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Field.', Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of What cote, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

s*. Anne's A Bill for completing the re-building of the Tower Ci^urch'ic^ Church of Anne, within the Liberty

Bin, " of Westminster, in the County of and a new

committed. Vedry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the L ie of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, and improving the Church-yard; and for making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Order for re- The House was moved. That the Petition of the frrring Wat- Moll noble Anna Maria Duchess of Newcajite, and of the inclosureand Right honourable Charles Earl of , and the

Drainage humble Petition of John Gaily Knight and George Mason, Committee* Esquires, beingjoint Guardians of the Mod noble Henry diicim-ged, Duke of Newcaji/e; and also, the Petition of the Right ordered honourable Charles Lord Newark, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Edatcs in the 1/ordship and Parish of , in the County of

Nottingham, which was presented to the House upon the i 7th Day of February lad, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said 17th Day of February lad, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Petitioners did not intend to proceed upon such Part of the said Petition as relates to the draining of the Lands and Grounds therein ipentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee be did charged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Henry Lafcedes, Mr.

pout, and Mr. Mundy, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Stymip, Old- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the feve->

to.iM, Ac. j Qpcn pie|(]s Meadows, Failures, Commons, and JmJolurt B IJ, ' , r 1

luinmmnt. W alte (/rounds, and all other the Open and uninclosed

l/inds and Grounds, within the Townlliips of

Oldcoats, and Farworth, and so much of Norney as is

within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Petition of Water-works, was presented to the House, and read; L^beth" of Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in wlter-worjcs, the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King against Surrey George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to High gate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads

therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Provisions and Regulations, which, if the same should pals into a Law', would be subversive of the Rights and Privileges granted to the Petitioners by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Inhabitants of Lambeth and Parts adjacent with Water, and will be very prejudicial to their interells: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that the same may not pals into a Law as it now' Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are petition of the thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Direc- 'Vest India tors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Bufi-nels of the West India Dock Company, was presented to Lcr.e top-e-the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was n>

passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- London Port jesty, for rendering more commodious, and for better re- Ac^ gulating, the Port of London, and that considerable Pro-grels has been made in carrying the said Act into Execution; but it is necessary that further Time should be allowed for making and completing the Docks and other Works thereby authorized to be made, than is limited for that Purpose; and it is alJb necessary that certain of the Powers and Regulations thereby enacted, should be altered and amended, and that further Powers and Authorities should be granted, and Regulations prescribed and established; and also, that an additional Sum of Money should be raised for the more speedily and completely carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Effect; and that the Necessity of the present Application to Parliament for the above-mentioned Alterations and Amendments of the said recited Act have arisen, or been ascertained, since the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, was expired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition to bring in a Bill tq alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then, a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Pre,e,‘te‘i* Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the West India Dock Company, was presented, to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the lall preceding Petition; And praying, That Leave

may

Section Oaths Bill, ordered.

Bill to continue the Restrictions on Payments by the Bank, reported.

Bill to continue the Rest ritf ion* on Payments by the Bank of Ireland, ordered.

Report

Supply.

Militia Pay.

42 Geo. III. 42° Aprilis* 363

may be given to bring in i Bill to alter and amend the That Provision be made for the f*ay of th^ Militia of said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Great Britain for the Year i8oz.

meet. ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance t6 Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the That Provision be made for making Allowances, in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall of Peace.

appear to them, to the House: The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

And it is referred to the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon*

Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to agreed to by the House.

meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- The House being informed that Mr. Smith (froth the Accounts Ions, Papers, and Records. Treasury in Ireland)attended at the Door; he was called intend W

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to presented.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 34th their Orders,

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An An Account of the Net Produce in each Year* cofn Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners, mencing the 25th March, of all Taxes and Additional or " to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required Increaled Duties imposed in from 1791 to 1801;

" by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each,

" vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parlia- its Amount in each Year, and the Total Amount of the

" ment," might be read. Net Produce of the Whole in each Year: And also,

And the same being read accordingly; An Account of the Net Produce of all New Taxes

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for imposed, or Additional or Increased Duties enacted to be. extending the Provisions of the said Act to all Oaths paid within Irelandlince the id January 1801; specifying now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections the Nature and Commencement of each, and the for Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Dent, Total Amount, as far as the same can be made up: And Mr. Stanley, and Mr. B/ackburne of Lancajliiredo pre- also,

pare, and bring in, the fame. An Account of all Taxes or Duties, or Additional or

Increased Duties, which have ceased to be payable in Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Ireland, since the 25th 1800, specifying the Time from the Committee of whole House, to whom the Bill when each cealed respectively; difljnguishing the Produce to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Restrictions of each for the Three Years immediately preceding the contained in several Acts of the 37th and 38th Years of Time ofits ceasing, or such Time less than the said Three the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Calli Years, as it existed; distinguishing each Year, and the by the Bank, was committed, the Amendment which the Rate of each Tax or Duty: And also,

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had An Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled irf" directed him to report to the House; and he read the Ireland, from the 25th March 1785 to the 25th March Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 1801, and thence to the 5th January 1802; distinguish-with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where ing each Year, and the Rate and Amount of Duty paid the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question thereon, and the Spirits distilled from Molasses or Sugar; put thereupon, agreed to by the House. also, the several Periods when the Distillery was prohi-

A Clause was otiered to be added to the Bill, for limit- bited during the said Period, specifying the Authority ing the Amount of Notes and Bills to be issued by the of such Prohibition, and also the Period when Raw Bank, during the Restriction of Payments in Calli. Grain or Malt was allowed to be used in the Distillery:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be And also, brought up; An Account of the Quantity of Malt made in Ireland,

It passed in the Negative. from the Commencement of the Malt Duties on the'25th

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be March 1785 to the 25th 1801, and thence to the

ingrossed. 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; the Rate

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time and Amount of Duty; and the Periods when Malting Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then was prohibited, either absolutely 'or partially, and the ingrossed. Authority and Nature of such Prohibition.

And then he withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confirming Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

" and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restrictions Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said " contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and the Members of the House.

" Ninety-leven, on Payments in Calli by the Bank," The First of the said Accounts is inserted in the

might be read. Appendix to this Volume*; the other Ac- *(No. 58.)' .

And the same being read accordingly; counts are also inserted in the Appendix f. t( - 61.)

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the said Act: And Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on that Mr. Carry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it 1Frt-r.cU°^ Nicholas Vanfntart, and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, was referred to consider of lb much of an Act, made in wine* in and bring in, the lame. the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Bottiei-

tuled, " An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cuf- Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported " toms and Excile, and granting other Duties in' lieu from the Committee of (he whole lloule, to whom it " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with was referred to consider further of the Supply aranted to " the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for H is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had " permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, directed him to report to the Home; which he read in " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufadurccf the his Place; and afterwards delivered in at tire Clerk's " European Dominions of the French King, into this Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,.

viz. " remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment or

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " Annuities on Lives, to tire Reduction of the National Vol. 57. " Debt,"'

Debt," as relates to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles, the Resolution which the Committee had direifted him to report to the House; which he read ip his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow -eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that French Wines be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom in Bottles or Flasks, on Payment of the Duties charged thereon by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by any other Act or Acts of Parliament made fub-sequent thereto.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry , Mr. Nicholas

Vansittart, and Mr. HAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

exchequer Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, accord-BiiU Bill on ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners Supplies, of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the

presented. Credit of li^ch Aids- or Supplies as have been, or shall be,

granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for grant- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon ing Duties on the 14th Day of this Instant April, for the House to Export!,3" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To-dekrred. morrow, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported or exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Dky being read;

Committee on The House resolved its elf into a Committee of the tii'e Sutlcron w *e House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Income. Income; for the effectual Collect ion of Arrears of the said

Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made so-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had direifted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

V eneris, 23* Aprilis;

Anno 420 Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Petitions from a pefjtion of the Justices, Clergy, and other Inhabi-

Wellington /\ .., J - ' , O'1 ~ r

and Wcniock. 1 X. tants or the i own or H in the County of

LUi baiting &at°P> and its Vicinity: And also.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Liberties of Wenhck> in the County of Salop;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the cruel and odious Practice of Bull-baiting has been frequently carried on in and near the said Towms, which, for several Days together, occasions great Stagnation in the differ rent Works and Manufactories, to the very great Injury of the Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon reported from the Com- Har.rCi mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and B‘:l' laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow,

Common Palturc, VY^afte, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 175 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill *, and also, except the Proprietors of 143 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Land inr tended to be ir.closed conlifts of 2,044 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon reported from the Com- Up-Lam. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividinc\ allotting, and buurnc

1 c u f , Inclosure Bill.

laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable ortcjt Lands, Common Meadow, Common Failure, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up-Lam-bourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambonrne, in the County % of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 70 Acres of Land, who refused to lign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of 484 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property to be inclosed conlifts of 2,543 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petition rein- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are tree to Notice* thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of iMlofme!11^ Estates in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 26th Day of March last, Notices were given on the Door of the Parish Church of Spelsbury, on Three Sundays in the Month of March last and in the present Month of April, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. John Fane, See.'. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

GtafgOW Glebe Bill, committed

A Bill for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of GJafgow, in the County of Lanark, was read a

Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William DundaS, Mr. Stanley, Sic.:And they are to meet this Afterpoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope be added to the «d to hrintr in Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Worthington, pursuan( to t:e Prayer of the Petition of the Indoi tire Bit), several Persons, whole Names are thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields and Meadows, and l;flutes having Right of Common on the several Commons and Waile Grounds within the Manors of Worthington and and the Township of Newbold, and in the Parish of in the County of Ldefer.

Bill presented. Mr. Spencer Stanhope pieftnted to the House, accord-

ing to Older, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manois of Worthington and Breedon-on-the-Hill, all in the Parish of

the-Hill, in the County of LdceJ'ter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Withemwiek Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Inclosure Bill, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, presented. the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Wi in the Parish

of Withemwiek, in the East Riding of the County of

York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Walkering- Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Inclosijre Bill to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, presented. ' the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of

ham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 57.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, Petition of the

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the major Part ny, to amend of the Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs London Port and Business of the West India t)ock Company, was re- c > reP ,rte ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the rort of London, was read: — And,

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, Clerk and Solicitor to the said Company, being examined, said. That considerable Progress has been made in carrying the said Act into Execution; but it is necessary that further Time should be allowed for making and completing the Docks, and other Works, thereby authorized to be made, than is limited by tke said Act; and it is also necessary, that some of the Powers and Regulations thereby enacted should be altered and amended, and further Powers given; and also, that an additional Sum of Money should be raised, for the more (peediiy and completely carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Effect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present. Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating,

" the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established: And that the Lord HazvMr. Nicholas

Vansittart, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bung in, the fame.

A Petition of Edtvard Stones and John Baker, Prin- Petition of cipal Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was prefonted to the House, for Leave to and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining, and reducing into One Act, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles-in the-Fidds, Saint Mary-le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Andrew,

Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, which Act was furtr.er continued and amended by an Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that tire manifest Purport and Intent of the said last mentioned Act was to continue the Term and Powers of the said former Act until the 24th of June 1810, , and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; but that Doubts have arisen, from the Manner in which the said last mentioned Act is worded, whether such Continuation was actually granted and provided for; and that the said Acts have been found very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and it is

desirable and expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Acts should be fully continued for the Term intended to be enacted by the said Act of the 36 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for such longer Term as may be judged to be proper; and that the said Doubts have come to the Knowledge of the Petitioners since the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of the 36 th Year of the Reign^f

Leave given.

Petition

presented.

Alfreton

Roads

Petitions,

reported.

Aberdeen

Bridewell Bill,

paired.

His present Majesty in respect of the said Doubts, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered. That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of Edward Stones and John Principal Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of the said Doubts; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Farquhar reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunder written; and all'o, another Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of whose

Names are thereunder written, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had di-rested him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. John Cressy Hall being examined, said, That the Roads

leading from AIJreton, in the County of Derby, through the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, mentioned in the Petitions, are greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts circuitous, narrow, and inconvenient for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from AIJreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby: And that Mr. Lord George

Augufus Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Mundy, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen -, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals,'Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 14. To leave out from " with" to " fit 11ated," in 1. 30. and insert " all " Persons interested for the absolute Purchase of Ground " instead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out from " " to the

End of 1. 36. and insert " or elsewhere, near the said City," in-, (lead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 6. To leave out from and " to "And," in Pr. 11. 1. 6. and insert " the " necessary Roads and Accedes " thereunto," instead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 6. To leave out from " And," inclusive, to " And," in Pr. 14. I. 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question , severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen; and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals,

Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Farqukar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carry presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to con-a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, Restriaion* made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of on Payment* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ^ia'and^ " for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, presented.

" the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council " on the Second Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments in Calli by " the Bank :" And the same was received; and read the Firffc Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tme upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Navigation Parliament of Ireland in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fur- fidered.

" ther Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and " Navigation," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Committee an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of pPf>°"i^ted to the Militia of Ireland; and of the Expence of Allow- Estimate of ances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Inlh Militia, in Time of Peace, for the Year 1802:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cony, Mr.

Wickham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, ac- Sugar,&c. Bill, cording to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to cer- Law?)"5 tain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, ac- French Wines cording to Order, a Bill for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain, in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A BUI,

Manurr Bill; committed.

Committee

on Fort of London Improvement BUI.

Committee on «A£h relative to the National Debt, deferred.

A&respefHng Provisional Cavalry, to be considered.

Bill to continue the Kell rid ions ©a Payments by the Bank, passed.

42 Geo. III. 230 Jprilis. 367

A Bill for the Prevention bf Frauds and Abuses in the Sale and Admeasurement of Soot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Raker, Mr. Plumer, &c;: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at^Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better " regulating, the Port of Lo," were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tue fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Monday next, to consider further of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 32d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, " made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further " Provision respecting Inch Part of the Provisional " Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called " out and embodied," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the 37th and 38th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That *the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand-Eight hundred and Three, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot the Second into Elections Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be Bill, deferred, limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Retutns of Members to fetve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill respecting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regu- of Ireland, lation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now *wed. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Exchequer Reading of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of on

His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the supplies, Credit ol such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall committed, be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee «f to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, JJ^san<i to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the eans‘ Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had dime to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaic to receive the same. 0

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill to repeal

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the oa

Bill for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual repoitei Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the lame; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

A. 1803.

Supply,

deferred.

368 230 — 26°

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for carrying former Acts into Execution, in Districts where the Tame have not already been executed for want of Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For appointing Commissioners in such Districts.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave tie given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Cat-field and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And that Mr. J and Sir Jacob Henry Afiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John , Esquire,

deviled by the Will of Peckham , Esquire, de-

ceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne of Lancashire, Admiral Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more e£ fedtual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain " Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of ," and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r

Lunce, 26* d Aprilis;

Anno 42* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802.

Tharfton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Prayers.

MR. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ! Tkarfton, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Catfield, &c. Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom' DrainagePett ^ie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tion, reported, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and of certain Lands lying within the Open Fields thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had wcamined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Fofier, Junior, being examined, said, That there are, within the said Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds; that the said Open Fields are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof, and that the said Commons < and Wallc Grounds are frequently overflowed with

Water, and, in their present State, yield very little Profit to the Persons interested therein; that it would be advantageous to them if the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their rclpcClive Rights and Interests; and if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were drained.

5

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 15th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Wefibury, Rodney-Stoke, Wedmore, Meqr,

Wtare, Nyland, Badgworth, East Brent, South

Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton,

Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the County of merfeti and for altering and improving the Navigation of, the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, Eafi Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddifham, Badg-worth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Wednesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Spa/ding presented to the Housei according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the G/enkenns to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Thomas Bayes, of Stockton, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, was presented to the House,

and

Williams't Estate Bill* committed*

Wildmore Fen Inclosure^ See. Bill* presented*

Report on Wookey, &c. Drainage Bill, further con* Qdcred*

Kirkcudbright Canal Bill, presented

Petition of Mr. Bayes, against Bir-bury and Marton Inclosure Bid*

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parishes of Birbury and Marton, in the Count)' ot Warwick; and Setting forth. That in the said Bill a certain Clause is inserted, authorizing and requiring the Commissioners therein named to let out and allot unto and for Sir Thcophilus Baronet, a certain

Number of Acres of the Bottom Part of a Furlong of Land in the said Parish of Birbury, called Brook Furlong, adjoining to the River Learn, which contains, by Efti-fnation, 25 Acres or thereabouts, and now belongs to several Proprietors of Lands lying in the said Parishes, or one of them, and which said Furlong adjoins the Orchard, Rickyard, and Homestead of the Petitioner, and out of which laid Orchard, Rickyard, and Home-Read, the Petitioner and the Owners of his Estate have Time immemorial hod* used, and enjoyed an Outlet, Road, or Railage* into the said Furlong* through a Gate in the Mound or Fence of the Petitioner's Premises about 50 Yards from the River which runs along

the Bottom of the Petitioner's Premises; and that the Petitioner is also the Proprietor of about 70 Acres of Land lying dispersed in the said Open and Common Fields, in Right of which he will be entitled to an Allotment upon the Inclosure of the said Premises, and inaf-much as the said Lands called Brook Furlong adjoin to his laid Homestead and Premises, he has on that Account a reasonable Ground to expect that the Commissioners to be named by the said Bill will set out and allot to him the said I ands called Brook Furlong, or such Part thereof as lie along the Bottom Part thereof, contiguous to, and in a Line parallel with, his laid Homestead, unless they are required by the said Bill to set out and allot the same lands to some other Proprietor, in which latter same the Petitioner would be lo far from receiving a Benefit or Advantage from the said Inclosure, that his Property in the said Parishes would be rendered of much less Value, and his old Outlet Road or Passage entirely loft, and the Communication between his House and Barns, Home-ftcads, and the Allotments to be set out to him in the said Parishes, so intercepted and destroyed, as to render the present House and Buildings totally useless for the Occupation of l'uch Allotments; and that there are other Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if the same were to pass into a Law as it now Hands, would materially infringe the Rights, and injure the Property of the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That the said Clause may not be lufiered to stand Part of the said Bill; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, against l'uch Parts of the said Bill as may a licet his Rights and Interest, and may have such Ref ief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Count'd, or Agent, before thy said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, 'l int it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Up-Lam- -An ingossed Bill for uis iding, allotting, and laying in

bourne indo- Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Com-

Bailid nion 'deadow'. Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Town Hi ip or Hamlet of in the Parish of

Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Vol. 57.

Township or Hamlet df Up-Lambottrne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing* allotting, and laying Harwell in-in Severalty, thy Open and Common Arable Lands, and 1 *

for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Harwell, in the Count)' of Berks, w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste,' and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Asheton Smith reported from the Committee, to Bangor Roads whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and Bl11' reP°rttd* keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry,

in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Sup port of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting certain Persons from Toll.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Mannlngford mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manning-ford, otherwise ManningfordBohun, in the Parish of

ford, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, in the Manner stated in the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition for the said Bill was referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were. Once 5 B read

A. 1802.

Petition respecting Notices for Up-haven inclo* lure*

flannington Inclosure Bill, committed.

Member added to bring in Sinfin Moor Inclo-fu.c Bill.

Bill, pre*

lciiUtl.

Maidstone Paving Petition, reported.

26" Aprilis.

read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, Owners of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wiltswas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 22d Day of March last, Notices have been given of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to divide and indole the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, by affixing such Notice on the Door of the Parish Church One Sunday in the Month of March last, and Two Sundays in the present Month: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penrttddocke Mr.

John- Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-wight, Mr. Dichins, Sec.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of a Common called Moor, and of certain Common Meadow's thereto adjoining, all situate iij the County of Derby.

Mr. Cartwrightpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Moor, and certain Common Meadow's thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing Two Acts, passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Town of in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as follow'eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public Railages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent 5 for removing and

preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein} for better supplying the said Town with Water} and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone; and also, an Act, passed in the

36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for executing the above-mentioned Act, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, were read: —

Then,

Mr. George Burr being examined, laid. That, by the first-mentioned Act, the Commissioners appointed to put the same in Execution, are authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Rates thereby granted, a Sum not exceeding £.7,000, for the more expeditious Performance of the several intended Improvements} that the Commissioners have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have made great Progress therein, for which Purpose they have borrowed and expended the Whole of the said Sum, and have also incurred several considerable Debts, which they have no Means of discharging, nor are they able to carry the Purposes of the said Act into complete Effect, without further Powers. — And the Witness being further examined, laid, That the Commissioners have endeavoured to borrow a further Sum of Money under the Authority of the said last-recited Act, but have not been able to procure any, the Rates which they are now authorized to impose by the said first-recited Act, not being sufficient to induce Persons to lend any more Money on the Credit thereof; that the said Improvements of the said Town cannot be completed, nor the said Debt lb incurred be paid oil', unless Power is given to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose, and also to increase the said Rates; that all Persons relbrting to, or passing through the said Town, with Cattle and Carriages, receive material Convenience and Advantage from the paving and improving of the said Streets; and that the Petitioners conceive that such Persons should contribute towards the Expence thereof, by the Payment of Toll, or in such other Manner as Parliament may think proper; and that the Powers and ProvisionB of the said Acts have also been found defective in other Respects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving,

cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other " public Passages and Places, within the King's Town of " Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and " preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

" and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said "Town with Water; and for repairing the Highways

within the Parish of Maidjloneand for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act: And that Sir John Honywood, Sir William Geary, and Sir Edward Knatchbull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Com- Ashby-<M>-mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and g^Kpontd. altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from AJbby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Bnrton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford,

and to the Cock Inn, in Tutbury, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through she Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's rl'able:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

tije

42 Geo. III. ti66 Apruis£71

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Keymgham, An ingross'ed Bill to tepeal an Act, passed in the Bui, passedf* 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes,

Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, KeyinghamMarsh,

" Ryhill, and Camerton, and Burton

" Pidfea, and Ridgmont,

" Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunfiall, Lelley,

" Humbleton, Filling, H Gartort, Flinton,

" and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory of and

" East Riding of the County of Yorkand to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singularthe Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes. mentioned, or any of them, respectively, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low " Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes,

" Townships, and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham " Marsh, Ryhill, and Camerton, and Skeckling,

" Burton Ridfea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham,

" Ozjoftwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Twifi all,

" fiernwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Filling, Hilfion, Garton,.

" Albrough, Flinton, and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory

" of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York" and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds, within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. W do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bradford Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

M/s^tates whom the Bill for veiling divers Estates in the Parishes Eli, reported, of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Petitions from A Petition of the Right honourable Lord

tivemBull- Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of baiting. the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, Proprietors of Mines, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Dudley, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto i'ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Practice of baiting of Bulls, which has long prevailed in that Part of the Country, to the great Disgrace of Humanity, is now grown to l'uch a Height, as not only to injure the Morals of the People, by leading Vot. 57.

them to Habits of Idleness and Drurikenness, but also essentially to affect the regular Progress of working and carrying on the Mines and Manufactures of the Country, and thereby to occasion great Loss and Inconvenience to the Persons immediately concerned therein, as well as to the Community at large: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief for preventing the Mischiefs above complained of, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the several Acts, made BiJ|[ for. . in the 3 8th, 39th, 39th and 40th, and 41st Years of the c°Aasforns Reign of His present Majesty, and in the; last Session of Redemption Parliament, relative to the Redemption and Purchase of o^edT* the Land Tax, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One Act, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That the several Acts, made Bill for in the 10th, nth, 28th, 32d, 34th, and 36th Years of Kneofteh®11" the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Trials Trials of of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read. ordered".5'

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted

Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating the reto: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, the Earl Temple, and Mr. Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newtown the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Nezvtozvn, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir EdzvardLazv (now Lord Ellenborough) who hath accepted the Office of Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords Ridley: haveagwed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Somtrfetshire for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somer-setshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Bill, with Lines of the said Canal; to raile Money for complet- Amendments, ing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hoyle And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cieckheaton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division ments. or Hamlets of Cieckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cieckheaton, in the Parish of Birfiall, in the West Riding of the County of York; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nuneaton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and with^Amend-Wallfc Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of ments. Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of , in

the County of Warwick;and also a certain Stinted

Pasture

A, 1802.

Committee on Exchequer Bills Bill on Credit of Supplies*

Bill to continue the Re-Hn&ions on Payments by the Bank of Ireland, committed.

Su.ar, 6ic.

Bill,

committed.

(Expiring

Law.)

Piern h Wines Bill, committed.

Rrport Ways

and Means.

Pay of Militia.

26° Apr

Failure in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, other-wile Cottagers Piece; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ifllie Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be* granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an ACT made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for confirming, and continuing, for a limited Time, " the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council " on the Second Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments in Cash by " the Bank," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mornlhg, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A " Bill for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for One Year, beginning the 23th Day of March 1802, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the to Militia Militia, in Time of Peace, for the Year 1802, be de- 0 cers* frayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, the Lord Glenbervie, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Port of Loa-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the „°ent isf!* Bill to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of reported. *

' Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and " for better regulating, the Port of ," were di-

rected to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof lb much of an Act, made in the 39th Year Cavalry, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act delermi*

" to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the " Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of " Cavalry; and for making further Provision respecting " such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom " as is now actually called out and embodied," as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill respeiHny resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Maaufacture the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of 0t Ireland, the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Bill to repeal the Duties on Income» deferred.

fapr'r.

deferred.

Bill to amend London Port Act, presented.

Ellerton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition of Land Owners, against Henllan In* clolure Bill.

42 Geo. III. 26° — -27° Aprilis. 373

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said ing of the Bill (now ingrafted) for repealing the Duties Petition.

on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Conir the said Duties, and accounting for the lame; and for mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon

the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and -Tyburn and

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the ift Tomorrow Morning. and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, committeu

the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second,.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His pre-J to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sent Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn to consider further of the Supply granted to His and , in the County of and for

Majesty; amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell,

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the

laid County; and for lighting, watching, and watering Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits,

Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the was read a Second Time.

39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

" An Act for rendering more commodious, and for waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this " better regulating, the Port of London," so far as the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Chamber.

Company thereby established: And the same was re- '

ccived; and read the First Time. Ordered, That Sir Matthew Bloxam be added to the Member

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Paving Bill. Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,.intituled,

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the " An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving.

Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and " cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the " public Passages and Places, within the King's Town Parish of Ellerton, in the East Riding of the County of " of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing York: And the same was received; and read the First " and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui-Time. " fances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. " the said Town with Water; and for repairing the

" Highways within the Parish of Maidstone;" and for And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Morning, Ten of the Clock. Purposes of the said Act.

Martis, 27* die;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

A Petition of Thomas Peake, Gentleman, and Philip Parry, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Henllan, in the county of ; and

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Pro-

O f

prietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parish, in respect; whereof they will severally be entitled to considerable Allotments under the said Bill; and that there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill injurious to their Rights and Interests, and Ionic further Clauses and Provisions will be necessary for the Protection of their Rights and Properties: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law' as it now (lands; but that such Alterations may be made therein as are necessary for the ProtCvtion of their Rights and Properties, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Onhred, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tile Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Vo 1. 57.

Sir Matthew Bloxam presented to the House, accord- Bill ing to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, F^fented passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets,

" Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within " the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent -,

" for removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob-uftructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for " better supplying the said Town with Water; and for " repairing the Highways within the Parish of stone;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said -Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Sir Matthew Bloxam presented to the House, accord- Medway ing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Nag|^tl0"

32d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving presented, the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidfone, through the several Parishes of Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River: And the same was re-" ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are wirksworth thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of addbbnai kc‘ Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was presented to Petition, the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, in the County of Derby, and Setting forth. That there are divers Springs of Water riling out of, and upon, a certain Common called fVirksworth Moor, Part of the said Com-

£ C mons

374 27°

mons and Waste Lands so intended to be inclosed, and Water is now, and hath been for many Years past, conveyed from such Springs by Soughs and Pipes to the Town of IVlrksworth aforesaid, for the Use of the said Town in general, and into divers Houses belonging to the Inhabitants thereof; and that there are in and upon the said Commons and Waft^Lands, and in the ancient inclosed Lands adjoining, divers Lead Mines, and Soughs for draining such Lead Mines, which may in Procefc of Time destroy the said Springs, or deprive the Inhabitants of the Town of aforesaid of the

life thereof; and that it is highly expedient Provision should be made in such Bill for preserving the said Springs, and for the future Conveyance of the Water thereof to the said Town as heretofore, and for procuring Water from Other Springs in case the said Springs should fail; and that proper Regulations should be established for the Use and Enjoyment of such Water by the Inhabitants of the said Town: And therefore praying. That, in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, prayed for by the said Petition, Provision may be made for preserving and securing to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Wirksworth the Use and Enjoyment of the said Springs, and for procuring Water from other Springs in Manner aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition A Petition of Michael Hicks beach, Esquire, being

Nonce'"or L°r(^ of the Manor of, and the principal Owner and

Beverflone Proprietor of Estates, in the Parish of BeverJIone, in the

Indoiure. County of Gloucester, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the Mouse, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 10th Day of March lait, Notices were given on the Door of the Parish Church of BeverJIone, in the said County, on Three Sundays in the said Month of March, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, in such and the like Manner as such Notices are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, and preserving Lands: And therefore praying, Tuat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of BeverJIone, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Mr

Langton, &c.: And they are to meet 'J'o-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of A Petition of the Reverend Reginald Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Mickleton Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Indoiure Bui. Cornrnon> Open Fields, Stinted Failures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Rights ami Interc-ft of the Petitioner will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That lie may be heard, by his Count'd or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Rights and Interest; and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

H

'irilis. A. 180 2.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill i

is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his !

Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon' his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Withemwick Arable Fields, Meadows) Pastures, and Commons, within committed!111' the Township of Withemwick, in the Parish of Withern-wick, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafceiles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Keyingham Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town- committed*.1* ship and Parish of Keyingham, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafcel/es, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road Great leading from the South End of Browns Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, committed! to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of -don, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafceiles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Ashby-de-la-ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed Bill, Cp^«df in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tut bury, in the said County, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Afiby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tut bury, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom a,e(V<-r and the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the 3 3d Year of the (FbitDii'm'a) Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and reported, in the 18th Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading

ing from the Bars at Bough ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House; ami an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

wSatcote A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inc Mure Rill, an(i Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common commuted. pastures> Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of What cote, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Rejotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Lang!on, Sir George AugujWilliam Shuckbtirgh k

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ghamber.

Worthington, A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-Cgll,"closure veral Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste committed. Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and

on the-Hill, all in the Parish of Breedon-on-the-Hill, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Kejolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of A Petition of Edmund Horrex, Gentleman, Lord of Ma [rex' the Manor of Gooderstone Rectory, and Impropriator of Gooderftone the Great Tythes arising within the Parish of Gooderstone, inclosure Bill. in the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Gooderstone aforesaid, and Owner and Proprietor of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Gooderstone, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderstone, in the County of Norfolk; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Lord of the said Manor, or otherwise, claims to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or some Part thereof, and he is also entitled to certain Rights of Sheeptvalk, Common, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the said Lands and Grounds; and that, if the said Bill should pat's into a Law, the same will be injurious to the Estates, Rights, and Interests, of the Petitioner within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That' he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the find Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vol. 57.

The Orde'r of the Day being read, for the House to Bill relative resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws rela- Bridges, tive to the building and repairing of County Bridges, defe‘red. and other Works, maintained at the Experice of the Inhabitants of Counties;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Wetherall (from Accounts the Revenue Department of Ireland) attended at the to

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to presented. the House, pursuant to their Orders, .

An Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Ireland, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of lrishProduce and Manufactures exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of Irish Produce a aid Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5 th January 1802: And also,

(Custom Department.) An Account of the Net Produce of all New Taxes imposed, or Additional or Increased Duties enacted, to be paid within Ireland, since the 1 ft of January 1801; specifying the Nature and Commencement of each; and the Total Amount, as far as the same can be made up: And also,

(Custom Department.) An Account of all Taxes or Duties, or Additional or Increased Duties, which have ceased to be payable in Ireland, at any Time since the 25th of March 1800; specifying the Time when each ceased respectively; and distinguishing the Produce of > each, for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its ceasing, or for such Time less than the said Three Years as it existed; distinguishing each Year; and the Rate of each Tax and Duty.

And then he withdrew. ~

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The first of the said Accounts is inserted in the Appendix, Appendix to this Volume*. The other Ac- *(No. 59.*) counts are also inserted in the Appendix f. t( - 62.)

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Committee an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disem- mate of ai'-~ bodicJ in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Jowances to Years of H is present Majesty's Reign: - &c. of Militia.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords 1

Ridley: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wrexham and for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Road

Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

" Road from Wrexham, in the County of to

" Barnhill, in the County of Chester)and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road, branching out of the said Road, at a Place called Pzvll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County; without any Amendment 1 And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords

confirming a Feu Contraft made between Oliver Colt, have Palied

Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt, his Co,t's Eliat« Nephew, an Infant, and David Mujof certain Parts B: ‘

of

Lord Bute'* Settlement

Bill.

Port of London Improvement Bill, passed.

Iiirti Courts ordered.

KinpMVW-

rr0w t^-in^r rbr Dukes of Sussex ,<nd Cambridge.

of the Lands of Eastern and situated in the County of Lanark, in North Britain; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Right honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right honourable Mary Wor t ley, late Countess of Buie and Baroness Mountjluart his Wife, both deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London," were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Conloiidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London" were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

Ordered That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of in the 2 ill and 22d

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by NJi Prins, in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the Proccfsol the Court of Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions: And that Mr Lee and Mr. O'Hara, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report re-into further Consideration the Report which was made ^,e^‘cn/J"ter" from the Committee, to whom ft was referred to con- Pee";. &c. in fiderof the several Motions, made upon the 30th Day of Ejections, i'ur-October last, respecting the Interference of Peers, and other Persons therein mentioned, in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament; and to examine the several Matters therein contained, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, RatriaioM made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of ?" Payment*

... . . _ . r. by the Bank

the Reign of His present Aiajcuy, intituled, "An Act ot lreuuui.

" for confirming, and continuing, for a limited Time,

" the Refi.rift.ions contained in the Minute of Council

" on the Second Day of March One thousand Seven

" hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments in Cafii by the Bank," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair-.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second rrifhE]e<5Hos» Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be BlU» deterred, limited, lb much of an Act, passed in the lall: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United " Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the said United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Air. Speaker, (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being desirous of making competent Provision for the honouiable Support and Maintenance of His dearly beloved Sons the Duke of SuJJexand the Duke ot Cambridge, which the Alonics applicable to the Pur-

poles of His Majesty's Civil Government would be inefficient to defray, desires the Assistance of Parliament for this Purpose; and His Majesty relies on the Act'eftion of His faithful Commons, that they will make such Provision as the Circumstances of the same may appear to require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's laid Most gracious Meffiigc be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to canfider turther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committed on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ngauou consider of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in U,deferred* the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigat ion," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Exchequer from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's supplies, Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such reported. Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and

upon

Committee on Bill for granting Duties on Imports and Exports.

Militia Pay Bill, presented.

Militia Officers Allowance* Bill, presented.

Acts for

Farming the Duties on Foft Horles, to be considered.

Sugar, Sre. Bill, deferred. (Expiring Law.)

43 Geo. III. 270 — 28° Apnilis. 377;

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being lead, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported or exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do nowleave the Chair;

The House was moved, That the Sixth Article of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vunf.ttart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and' allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported. 1

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. ‘

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for per- Bju"chWme* mitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under Certain Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to Bill respeaing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nuf^ureof* upon the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regula- Ireland, tion of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; defeired.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Income; 8111 repeal for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, income,1* and accounting for the fame; and for charging the An- paired, nuities specifically charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon. Upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned-till To-motrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° Apr His;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or " Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to " let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for " the fame," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for further continuing, until the ift Day of February 1803, the said Act made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Vo 1.57.

Anno 42® Georgii IIP" Regi$, 1802.

Pray e rs.

MR. Howardreported from the Committee, to whom Duke of

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Norfolk's Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in reported) ain't Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached paired.

Parts of the settled Estates of the Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

S D An

378 a8° Afrilis. A. 1802.

Manningford An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, mffly"ure BU1' ^ie Oj*nan<^ Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manningjord, otherwise Manningjord in the Parish of,

in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of other-

wife Manningjord Bokun ,in the Parish of , in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddockt Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duke «f Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to

Eiute Biii w^om the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

reported, wd Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain paired. Lands, Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him, in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa isfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell do.carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that' this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Petition rela- Mr. Qore Langton reported from the Committee, to for VpeHblmr* w^om Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Inclosure, HrC thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors

reported. Qf Estates in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of

Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Goddard being examined, said. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 26th Day of March last, Notices were given on the Door Of the Parish Church of Spelsbury in the County of Oxford, on Three Sundays in the Month of March last and in this present Month of April, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, in such and the like Manner as such Notices are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure Bills.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Spc'shury, in the County of Oxford, to which belong Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

B.il ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ‘dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common 5

Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. John Fane, and Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Edmund Horrex, Gentleman, Lord of Petition of the Manor of Gooderstone Rectory, Impropriator of the ^a"ll(t°whers Great Tythes arising within the Parish of in Gooderftone

the County of Norfolk, and Patron of the Vicarage and Inclosure Bllu Parish Church of Gooderstone aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Owners and Proprietors of Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows,

Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon, the said Lands and Grounds; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be injurious to the Estates, Rights, and Interests, of the Petitioners within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

General Gajcoyne reported from the Committee, to Liverpool whom the Petition of the several Merchants, and other petition!* Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, whose Names are reported, thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Foster being examined, feid. That great Inconvenience is at present, and hath long been, experienced by the Merchants, Brokers, Underwriters, and others, on-cerned in Trade and Commerce in the Town and Port of Liverpool, from the want of public Rooms or Buildings in the said Town, for the Purpose of transefting the general Trade and Business of the said Town and Port-; that it having been found impracticable to procure Accommodation in the present Town Hall for such Purposes, it was lately suggested that such Accommodation might be obtained, with the Afient of the Common Council of the said Town, by erecting suitable Buildings on the North Side of the said Town Hall: That the Common Council of the said Town, upon Application to them, have fully approved of this Scheme, and havft -agreed to fell such Lands and Premises belonging to them, as might be required for the Purpose of such Buildings: That, in consequence of an Advertisement, containing Proposals for erecting an extensive and ornamental Range of public Buildings for the Purpose of an Exchange, a very numerous Meeting of the Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool was held, and the Pro-pofels unanimously approved of — And the Witness be-

ing

41 Geo. III.

28° Apr

379

ing further examined, said. That the Petitioners have-proceeded in the Purchase of Land, and other Property, necessary for executing the said intended Plan; but in-as much as the Proprietors or Owners of other Lands and Premises in the Neighbourhood; which may be

Ordered, That Mr. Asheton Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Everton the Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable f£ni>d.ure *

wanted for completely carrying into lifted: the said Plan, Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, within may be unable or unwilling to contract or agree for the the Parish of in the Counties of

Sale of the fame, and as it may be further necessary for Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of the Purposes aforesaid to layout and make new Streets them; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within and Roads, and to close up, turn, or alter the Direction the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid, was read of the present Street in the said Town, called High Street, the Third Time.

— And the Witness added, That it is also necessary that Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title the Petitioners should, not only for the Purpose of car- be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the rying on, and completing, the said intended Buildings, Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands,

but also lor the {Economical Regulation of such Scheme, and of its present and future Proprietors, be incorporated, and have a Common Seal, and the Power of making Bye I^aws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling certain Persons in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for incorporating the Proprietors

in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, within the Parish of Everton-cum-Tetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of them; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Bute'1* Settlement Bill, read-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ^erfetshire thereof: And that General Gascoyne, Mr. Dent, and Mr. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Coal Canal

B.'ackburne of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter u?Jlgatl°Hto

fame. the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for com- 1 ,a&r

. _ pleting the said Canal and Works; and to alter and

An ingrossed Bill from the I-ords, intituled, An Act amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts,

for reclining a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the passed for making the said Canal.

Right honourable John late Earl and the Right

honourable Mary Wortley late Countess of Bute and Baroness Mountjhutrt, his Wife, both deceased, was read

the FirflTime.

Reflved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 58. 1. 14. Leave out from " to" to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 68. 1. 29. Leave out from " thereof" to the End of the Clause.

canal com- n c~t> ir j j/-. , i „r o „ i c The said Amendments being severally read a Second

X-.Su... '!a,« 01 B'*IM K>d.„g of Time, were, open the Question severally put thereupon,

hill, passed, the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the h' HnnO

Bradford Canal Com-

An ingrossed Bill for vesting divers Estates in the Pa-

Walkering-ham Inclosurr Bill, committed.

Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue t>f the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calver/ey, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Wale Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Leather.

agreed to by the Lloufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Town of Ross, Petition of tn the County of Wexford, was presented to the House, New Kofs, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the 38th respeaing Year of His present Majesty's Reign, a Duty of 1 d. per Duties on Pound was imposed on all Leather tanned in Irelandl which Duty was not payable until such Time as the Leather was fold; and that, by another Act of the 40th Year of the same Reign (in the Place of the former) a Duty, after deducting the Allowance in the said Act mentioned, of 7 d.by the Cubic Foot, was imposed, not only on all Vats or Vessels in the Tan-yards, in which Leather w'as prepared for Sale, but also in the Latches in W'hich ipent Bark was kept; and that the Tanners of England pay a Duty of 1 \d.a Pound only on the Lear ther manufactured by them, and are entitled to a Drawback of One Penny per Pound on such Part thereof as

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry the7 export, which leaves a Duty of but One Halfpenny

Bangor Roads

Bill, passed.

Lascelles, Mr. A Tandy,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, improving.

on each Pound of Leather lent by them into Ireland, and consequently leaves a Difference of 2 in the Pound on such Leather in Favour of the Tanners;

and that, by this Difference in the Mode of Taxation between the Two Kingdoms, the Petitioners are not

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly only totally precluded from fending any Part of their

from, Porthaethxvy Ferry, other wise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from. Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry,

in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh. \>L. 57.

Leather to England, but the English Tanners are enabled to inundate the Irish Markets with such Quantities of Leather, that the Petitioners cannot find Sale for any Part of theirs, without disposing thereof on Terms which mult either oblige them to give up their Bufinefe entirely, or ruin them if they persevere therein: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Petition from Norwich, respecting the Duty on Glazed Paper.

Petition from Tipton and Sedgley, relative to Bull-baiting.

Oldham Inclosure Bill, reported.

Exchequer Bi!U Bill on Credit of Supplies,

pulUti.

28° Aprilis. A. 1802.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Hotpreflers, in the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Glazed Paper 11 fed by the Hotpreflers of that City in dressing Worded Stuffs manufactured there, is, by an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made liable to an Excise Duty of for every Hundred Weight made in this Country, and of 12J. for every Hundred Weight imported; and that the Petitioners have understood that heavier Duties are about to be imposed on such Paper; and if such Duties should be imposed, the Trade of the City of Norwich will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That no heavier Duty may be imposed on such Glazed Paper than the same is now liable to.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Tipton and Sedgcley in the County of Stafford, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have long seen, with much Concern, that the Practice of baiting of Bulk is not only disgraceful to Humanity, but is highly prejudicial to the Morals of the lower Order of the People, and materially affects the Industry and Labour of the Persons employed in the Manufactures of the said Towns and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Considerationj and to apply such Remedy as shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 163. 4 who were neuter;

and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.4,724. 19*. 10 \d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title oe. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, for the Service

of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Farmingth* to consider of Two Arts, made in the 27th and 39th Duties on Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Post Horfo" the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Art, made in the 23th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contrart for the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bond accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Art, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for " the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Art, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Port, and by Time, to such Persons as should " be willing to contrart for the lame."

And Mr. Bond moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Art, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to'enable the Lord High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an " Art, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire, for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons' as should be " willing to contrart for the same And that Mr. Bond,

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr '..HileyAddington, and Mr.

Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Militia Pay Reading of the Bill.for defraying the Charge of the Pay C0®lJJ;ttej of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read'a:Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

.. Resolved, That this Ho.use wiJl,.upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.. _.

A Message from the lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Ridley .* . ' have aSrced

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Servants, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; -and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed-to the Bill, intituled, An Art Beer, &c. for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer Dutl#s B|U-and Ale, brewed in, or imported into, Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in

Ireland,

Dumfries Road Bill.

Mountjey Square ( Dublin) Improvement

Bill.

Oak fey Inclosure Bill.

Tin mouth Lighthouse Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Feiiden's Ellute Bill.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition for Money to complete St. Margaret's Church.

42 Geo. III.

28° /Iprills.

381

Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abul'es in the Revenue of Excite on Beer, Ale, and Mult; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from, or near to, a Place called in the Parish of

Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of , by the

Boroughs of Locknut ben and Annan to the River ot

at or near to the present Bridge there; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and improving Ahunt joy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin; with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Common, situate

within, or belonging to, the Manor of in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Tmmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the l.-ords desire the Concurrence of this House: And ailb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to "John Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of devilld by the Will of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting and settling, in lieu thereof, certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall, and for veiling the Purchase Money for the said Estates in the County of Chester in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and otiiers, the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Margaret, minster, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Month of February 1799, presented a Petition to the House, Hating (amongst other Things) that the Parish Church of Saint Margaret was a very ancient one, and for a Century part, had been, and then was, considered as the Church peculiarly applicable to the religious Purposes of the House; and that the said Parish Church was then in a very defective State, particularly in its external Walls, and the Petitioners had cauled the same to besurveyed by an eminent Architect and Surveyor, and in his Judgment, the Sum of £.6,721. 1 Sr. \d.was necessary to effect the necessary

Repairs thereof; and that thereupon the House was pleased to grant the said Sum of £.6,721. 18 j. 4 which flic Petitioners have duly received; and that the Petitioners, upon the said Grant being made, proceeded in the several necefliirv Works, and previously entered into various Special Contrafts with the several Tradel'men for the Performance thereof; and that the Ellimates, made with a View to the said former Occasions, were formed on the absolutely necessary Repairs, without any Allowances therein lor Superintendance of the Works, Ikes ol Office, Contrafts with Workmen, and various other contingent Expences, and in tire Progress of the said Repairs, it was discovered that the Plates and other 'l imbers under the Root of the said Church were lb much decarcd. that an entire new Cieling was thought necessary; and a new Organ; and various Alterations and Improvements, were also thought necessary, and advised, with a view to the better Accommodation of the Speaker and other Members of the House, and generally to render the whole Repairs suitable to the Dignity of the House, and attending also to the Unity of Character throughout the Building, new Arrangements, and some Alterations Vox.. 57.

were made by and, variant to the original Designs, which

(together with the Circumstances before-mentioned)

have contributed greatly to an Increase of the former

Ellimates; and that the said Repairs have been nearly

accomplished, but the Whole of the said Grant or Sum of £.6,721 (less only by the Sum of£.539. i8j.

now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Parish) has

been already exhausted by Payments to the several *»

Tradel'men on Account of their several Works, and in

Payment also of the usual Fees of Office, with other con*

lidcrable, yet necessary, Expences; and that the Monies

now remaining due to the said several Contractors and

others, for Works already done, and the Account of

Works absolutely necessary to be done finally to effect the said Repairs, as eftinuted by and in the Judgment of

the Architect and Surveyor, amount to the Sum of

£. 4,349. 9 s.$d. first allowing for or deducting the said

Sum of £.539. i8r. 6 d.in the Hands of the said

Treasurer, and without any Regard being had to the

necessary Expences attendant upon this Application;

and that, on Account of the great Delay which has

arilen in collecting the Accounts of the different Tradesi-

men employed, and in obtaining proper and correct

Ellimates of the Amount of the Expences likely to be

incurred in completing the Whole of the Works before-

mentioned, and for other unavoidable Causes, they have been prevented from making their Application to the

House within the Time limited for receiving Petitions of

a private Nature: And therefore praying, That they may

be permitted to exhibit a Petition for Relief in the Pre-

mises, notwithstanding the Time for receiving Petitions

has elapsed; and that the House will be pleased to take

their same into Consideration, and do therein as shall

seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Petition pre-others, the Vestry of the Pari fit of Saint Margaret, fented* Westminster, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of thd House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that its further Aid on the present urgent Occasion, and State of the Works, may be granted to the Petitioners, enabling them finally to effect the Repairs and Purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coqsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Mainzvaring, Mr. Bragg:,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instruction for who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for BilTrehtivew consolidating the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Redemption Tax, That they do make Provision therein for removing oi Land Tax. Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect of Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account o? Account of the Amount of Land Tax Redeemed, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distin- ordered. guishing what has been redeemed on Ecclesiastical and

5 E Corporate

1

Militia Offkeri Allowances Bill, jpir. nutted.

Committee

appointed to c< nliclr r Acts rtl.itive to the A Hire of Baud.

Corporate Property, with an Account of Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of such Redemption of Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Caies, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due Making of " Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; " and to punish Persons who*(halI adulterate Meal, " Flour, or Bread," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, made in the 3til Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, lo far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for better regulating the Assize and Making " of Bread," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, lb far as the same relates to the Assize and Making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the , might be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the " Peace in letting the Assize of Bread, to nuke an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed toconsider of the said Acts, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. BraggeMr. Mr.

Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. 'Jeffery, Mr. 'Tierney, Mr. ton, Mr. Wi/berforce, Sir John William Andajon, Mr.

Alderman Combe, Mr. Lu/hingtMr. Manning, Mr. Shazv Lefevre, Lord Viscount Folkcstone, Sir Robert Buxton, Sir Robert Peel, Mr. William Adams, Mr. Charles Adams, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Brogden, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. John/!one, Mr. Dent, Mr. Porter, Mr. Sir

James V. Clair Erjiine, Mr. Fidlarton, Mr. Ellison, Mr.

Lygon, Mr. Wiloraham Bootle, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Frank-

hind, Sir William Eljord, Sir John Sinclair, Mr.

Mr. Frere, Mr. Sib thorp: And they are to meet Toll

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order,' reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " confirming, and continuing, for a limited Time, the " Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council on " the Second Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments in Cadi by the " Bank," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-'morrow Morning, if the said Bili shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the who.e House, to whom the Bill for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report so the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qud-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,* be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting Plan-

tation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional " Force of Cavalry; and for making further Provision " respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this " Kingdom as is now actually called out and embo-(t died," as relates to the lie-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to

Bill to continue the Restrictions on Payments by the Bank, of Ireland, reported.

I^iench Wines Bill, reported.

Snyrar, &c. Bill, deferred. (Expiring Law.)

Committee on Act rei per ring

Piovitioiifti

Cavalry,

:V;v,d.

Committee a! Supply.

42 Geo. III.

28'

29

385

Account of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exchequer Bills issued on the Credit of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, granted for the Service of the Year 1801, and which are now outstanding

and ur.discharged.

Bill for grant- Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported' ing Duties on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Exports,111 Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods

reported. imported or exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and

Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Vessels employed in the Fisheries from

Tonnage Duties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be . made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Account of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-Exports ofd count of Imports and Exports, which was, Yesterday, pre-Irel.'.nH, to be fented to the House by Mr. Wetherall(from the Revenue

Jovis, 29® die Aprilis;

Anno 42* Georgii III*il Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration

the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, mouth°Light-intituled, An Act for improving the Tinmouth Castle house Bill, Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional agreed to* light Duties in Respect of such Improvement.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 4. Leave out " Thirteenth." and insert " Thirtieth."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bnrdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Com- Swinfcoe mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bkor, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him'to report to the House; and-he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

printed.

Ways and Means, deferred#

Department of Ireland) be printed, as shall be sufficient fortlic Lie of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wi:l, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 57.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, in order to establish an Institution to be called Kent Insurance Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others are desirous of forming an Institution in the County of , to be called The Kent Insurance Company, for granting Inferences on Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Inferences against Lois or Damage by Fire; and that for these Purposes, the Petitioners are desirous that His Majesty should be empowered by an Act of the Legislature to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Petitioners and others,'interested in the intended Office, for enabling them to raise a Capital Stock of sufficient Amount within sech Time, and by such Proportions at a Time, and in sech Manner, as by the said Act or Charter shall be appointed, and that they should be authorized to grant Assurances on Lives, and Inferences against Fire, and to grant Annuities at sech Rates as may be agreed on between the Infercr and Assured; and that the Petitioners have been unable, from the Time necessarily required to complete the Formation of their Plan for the Establishment of the intended Insurance Office, so to arrange the same as to render it of public Utility before the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the PupofeS aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Cir-

£umstances

Petition for Leave to present a Petition, to incorporate the Kent Insurance Company.

Leave given.

29 0 Apr

A. 1802*

Petition

presented.

cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, in order to establish an institution, to be called The Kent Insurance Company, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable I lis Majesty to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Petitioners and others, for establishing an institution to be called The Kent Insurance Company, for Insurances against Fire, for Life

Afl'urances, and for granting Annuities in such Manner and Form, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward KnatchbulJ, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fatfield. See. Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Dniinage Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented. ' Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And the same was received; tind read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for draining, preserving from Water, paiftd!8* B " and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney-Stcke, Wedmore, We are, Nyland,

Badgworth, Biddifham, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the county of ; and for

altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddifham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney-Stoke, Wedmore, Mear, Weare, Nyland, Badgworth, Biddifham, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lympfiam, all in the County of Somerset-, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes ot Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddifham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry' the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

l ords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Cieckheaton An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several lr.^oiurcbill, Commons, Moors, anti Waste Grounds, within the Di-.ijreti o. vision or j lamlcts of Cieckheaton and Sc holes, in the Manor and Township of Cieckheaton, in the Parish of Birflall, in the West Riding of the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. ti. Leave out "

Pr. 21. 1. 37. Leave out "

The laid Amendments being severally read a Se-

cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcclles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Frere reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Monson, and the humble Petition of Humphey Sibthorp, Esquire, Elizabeth Widow, and others, whole Names are thereunder written, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, situate in or near to the Parish of Saxeluv, in the County of Lincoln, and the Town {hips of and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Handley being examined, laid, That there are, within or near to the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Townships aforesaid, several Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole 3,000 Acres or thereabouts: That a considerable Part of the said Half-Year's Meadow, Common Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, and also certain inclosed Lands, in the said Parish and Townships, on account of their low Situation, are liable to be overflowed or otherwise annoyed by Water, and as well by Reason thereof as of the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Half-Year's Meadow and Open Fields being greatly dispersed and intermixed, are incapable, in their present State, of any considerable Improvement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within or near to the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Frere, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from A If reton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coirunittee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Twelve Tliou-land Pounds, to His Royal Highness the J Duke of Su.[j'ex.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee, That I I is Majesty be enabled to grant a yearly Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, to His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally pur thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions r

Saxelby Iacloi'ure and Drainage Petition, reported.

Alfreton Road Bill, p relented.

Report

Supply.

Duke of Sul lex.

Duke of Cambridge.

4a Gep. III. 290 Apritis. 385

solutions: And that Mr. Henry , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Ix>rd George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

French wines Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

bui, polled. Read‘ing of the Bill (now ingossed) for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Ileftridions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bin to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

RMtHttmns* ^cat''nS of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a on Payments Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Parlia-of I'rrUud '10 nient °* Ireland the 37th Year of the Reign of His

puffed. ° present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confirming,

" and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restrictions " contained in the Minute of Council on the Second " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, on Payments in Calli by the Bank," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Reltridion imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from iflfuing Calli in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by. the Bank of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for grant- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ing Duties on Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Ex£omf:,nd Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported or exported, deferred. and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Sugr.r, See. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (Expiring upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in i-aw.) the la ft Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Cluir.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Definitive The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, by His

Pca«yof Majesty's Command,

presented. Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Vol. 57.

Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic} signed at Amiens the 27th Day of March 1802.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, Volume. (No. 63.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Biiirvfpeaing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *J}e upon the Bill to amend the laws for the better Regu- of Ireland^* lation of the Linen Manufacture in Irelatrd, be now deferred, read.

And the said Order being rqad accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords

Ridley: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to to continue, until the First Day of March' One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Restrictions con- on Payments tained in several Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty- by the Bank, eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Calli by the Bank; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Mniul'mii mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amend- further ing the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for considered* augmenting tire Militia, was committed.

And the House being informed, that federal other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill}

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Considered. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly Tefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colt's F.state for confirming a Feu Cohtraft made between Oliver Golt, Bl11' reid‘ . Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt, his Nephew, an Infant, and David Mufhet, of certain Parts of the Lands of Eastern and We fern Garturk, situated in the County of Lanark, in North Britain, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Aclofir" consider of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, land, deferred, in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5 F

Well Challow Inclosure Hill,

presented.

Royal AfTcnt to bills.

30°

Vietier is., 30° die Apr ills;

Anno 42' Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

MR. Metcalfe of Abingdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West in the Parish

of Letcombe Regis, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to l'everal Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal High-nels the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and l'everal other lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale, brewed in, or imported into. Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and imported into Great *; for

repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale} and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Malt:

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan, to federal Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent:

An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, the Restrictions contained in l'everal Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Cath by the Bank:

An Act for continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers, of Two several Acts of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish o f Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

Aprilis. A % 1802.

An Act for inclosing and improving Square,

in the Parish of Saint George, an the County of Dublin:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts, passed for making the said Canal:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate, in the

Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rufhden and Higkam Ferrers, and over Artkborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, through the 1'own of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton; and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair in the Town of Banbury, in the County of , through Swale lift

in the said County of Oxford and through Brailes, in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crolfing the River Stour, in the Parish of Barcheft in the said County of Wanvick:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping " in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of " Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester," and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair* the Road, branching out of the said Road, at a Place called Pwll-y-rhyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County:

An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from, or near to, a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there:

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield, in the County of and divers

detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Mod noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trutlces, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Pure hale of more convenient Estates, and otherwise:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Manor or Township of,

in the Parish of Ulverfton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Parts of his entailed Ellate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan:

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common " Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and " Waste Lands, within the Parishes of and

" Dryfield, in the County of and for enlarg-

ing

ing and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable I-ands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morton, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave, in the County of Northampton: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Township, or Hamlet of and

Sutton Bajj'ett, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called OakJ'ey Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oakjey, in the County of Wilts.

E'utJ B?U An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act xcoa. ' for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to John Fcilden, Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of , deviled by the Will of 'Thomas Hunt, Esquire, deceased, and for substituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Conn vail, and for vesting the Purchase Money for the said Estates, in the County of Chester, in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Subditution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornua//, was read the Fird Time.

Rejched, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ctirftrr.md An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter

Whitchurch and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the (riritDUlria) 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George parted. the Second, and in the iSth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Houghton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, lb far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First Didridl of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3.I. 9. To leave out from " effect" to the End of 1. 11. and insert " upon the passing of this Adi" instead thereof.

1. 27. To leave out from " thereon" to the End of 1. 28.

Pr. 7. 1. 1. To leave out from the Beginning of the

Line to " And," in Pr. 9. 1. 31. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bough ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to in

the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, lo far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at within the Liberties

of the City of Che/ler, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First Dillridl of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boston Bridge Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do make the Report from Petit km,*'&C' the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, reported', and Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the Borough re-committal. cf Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was referred. '

Vol. 57.

Mr. Vyner accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House; relative to Paving Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; but it appeared -to the Committee; that the Part of the Petition which relates to supplying the said Town with Water, is not meant to be proceeded upon; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Hopkinjon being examined, said, That the Bridge over the River Wit ham, in the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, is much too narrow', and at present in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and is become inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers,

Carriages, and Cattle, passing the lame; and therefore

it is necessary to ta£e down and re-build the fame, and

also to widen, raise, and render more commodious,

several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto;

and to purchase and take down several Houses and

Buildings for that Purpose: That the Situation of the

present Bridge is very inconvenient and incommodious,

and therefore it will tend greatly to the Improvement

of the Borough, if the intended Bridge was made and *

erected in a more proper and convenient Situation, very

near the present Bridge; and in such case it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and

Buildings: That the Gaol and House of Correction of

the said Borough is, at present, in a very decayed and

ruinous State, and, by reason of the confined Situation

thereof, and for want of a free Circulation of Air, the fame is become very unhealthy and dangerous to the

Lives of the Persons confined therein; and it is highly

necessary that the said Gaol and House of Correction

should be enlarged, and a proper and suitable Prison

Yard added thereto; and for that Purpose it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and

Buildings: That the Market Crofsof the said Borough,

and several of the Rooms over the fame, which are

appropriated for the TransaClion of public Business

within the said Borough, are too small, and at present

very inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become

necessary that the said Market Crols and Rooms should be enlarged, and made more convenient to Persons re-

sorting thereto, or having Occasion to use the fame. —

And the Witncls added. That it would be highly beneficial to the Town and Neighbourhood of the said Borough, if Powers were, vested in the Petitioners for the better Regulation of the Fairs, Marts, and Markets, held within the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bilf for altering, amending, and rendering more wadmore effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, h'closure, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain committed.

" Fen, called WildmoreFen, in the County of ,"

and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments let out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the Gentlemen Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- ;ndKeib^b Tc8 suant to the Prayer of the Petition of iacloiurc Bill.'

Esquire,

A. 1802.

ICclby, See. Inclosure Bill, prei'entuk

Saxelhy Inclosure and Drainage Bill, presented.

©Id him

Inclosure Bill, passed.

Member added to bring in Churcham Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented.

Cotton We *vers Petition, referred to a Comiuitki.

I. <»rd* Amendment* to Nuneaton Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

388 30°

Esquire, Bcv.'oihin Che ales, Geatleman, Thomas Burtt, and others, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelly, Aifby, and and in the

Parish of Hay dor, otherwise Hat her, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Town ships of Aijby, and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor, otherwise Hat her, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Commons, and \Yafte Lands, within, or near to, the Parish of Saxel, in the County of coln, and the Township of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of

in the County Palatine of La was read the Third

rp*

J ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, -the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, withinr that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen'Cotton Weavers in the several Counties of Chester, York, Lancaster, and Derby, which was

presented to the House upon the 18th Day of lull, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, so far as relates to settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in England-, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, General Egerton, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Cloek, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to ttTc Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-8

mons and Waste Lands, lying within ‘the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the county of ; and also a certain

Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. .1. 18. Leave out from " Lands" to " and" in line 26.

1. 27. Leave out " either of," and in the same Line, leave out " Cafes," and inlert " Cafe."

Pr. 37. 1. 22. Leave out from " Loss" to the End of the Clause.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Augufius William Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and for expediting the Proceedings relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Lee presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 2istand 22ci Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials " by Nif Prius, in the City and County of Dublin, and " for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer " more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, for taking into further Consideration upon Monday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Perms, Ac." was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 11 th Day of May next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament; and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof;

And

Bill for further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Election*, presented.

Irish Courts Bill,

presented.

Bill to amend

Act for Relief of Spiritual Persons, deferred.

Bill for preventing Expencein Elections, withdrawn, and another ordered.

And Notice being taken* That the said Bill was not effectual for the Purposes for which it was intended;

Ordered, That the Order for the Third Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof: And that Lord Viscount Mr. Grosvenor, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

leave of Ordered, That Mr. Pltmer have Leave to go to Chel-

Absence. tenham, for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr; Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill to amend Lord Viscount Belgrave presented to the House, ac-ventfngEx- cording to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported (fexpiring from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the W.) Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting Plan-

tation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the'Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to nv the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to remove Doubts respecting the Allowance of Drawback on Sugar and Coffee exported to Ireland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

feu)i<iy Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

nultiefon tht House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His l>uke* of Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Cambridge, Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Snssex, and prafautdf* a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

vJTTjukT of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tInni to resolve -itself into a Committee of the whole House, "to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Vol. 57.

pence in

Elections,

presented.

Sugar, 1 c.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment-. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Beading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Ma- imports and" jesty certain Duties on Goods imported or exported. Exports, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, be now read. e *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L33. After " Wine" to insert " which shall " have been imported into Great Britainfince the ill Day of October 1S01."

And the said Amendment was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from. Great Britain; and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great , to or from Foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wilL, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee on Bill respecting the Linen Manufo£hlre of Ireland.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of so much of several Acts, passed by the Parliament consider of of Ireland, relative to the better Regulation of the Linen or Hempen Manufacture, as relates to the afeer- tec. Manu. taining the Quality of the Flax Seed imported into fe&ureof Ireland; and to report the fame, together with their *" Observations thereupon, to the House;

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Steele,

Mr. Baker, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Frere, Mr.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. Keene, the Lord Glen-bervie, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Bond, Mr. FoJleP, Mr. Befes-ford, Mr. Cony, Lord Viscount Mr. Henry

Alexander, and all the Members who lerve for Ireland:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

5 G,

A. 1802.

39°

30° Aprilis — 3" Mail.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Com* 32d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative tnittec. to the Reduction of the National Debt;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fitj Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Act for regu*

luting the Drawback on Su^ar, to be comuiered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reeulating, until the Twentieth Day of May One thou-'* land Eight hundred and Two, the Allowance of " Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British " Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks " on Sugar exported from; and for allowing

" British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in ,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolveid, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ertmut^rfirt Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to

inihMilitia, prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and to report from Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland', and of the Expence Time to rime. Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, for the Year 1802, have Power to report, from Time to Time, to the House.

a'H forimend ^he House was moved, That an Act, made in the Keduaion of Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign National Debt of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting ordere<J.nd' a certain Fund in Commissioners, at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the * Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the " Application of additional Funds, in case of future " Loans, to the like Purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend so much of the said Act, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution: And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wickham, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Henry Alex-

ander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keep- reported!'* ing in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Findon,

Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Po/f, and from thence, by NepCajlle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinfted Park, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee on Navigation Act of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Increase " and Encouragement of Shipping anti Navigation," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating the reto: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr .'Corry, Mr. Wickham, and Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to' tive^o ti!!*1" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to National Debt, consider further of Two Acts, made in the 26th and'

eferrett. -

Reported.

Bill ordered.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain slnfin Moor Common or Waste Ground, called Sinftn Moor, and inclosure Bill, certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the C0I?nutte County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Lord George Augnftus Henry , &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the wirksworth several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, inciofure, &c. being Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the petition? County of Derby, which was presented to the House referred to uyon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the on^ne? Table, might be again read. Petition.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grantedLo His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, 'fen of the Clock.

Lunce, 3* Mali;

Anno 42® Georgii III'" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom Feuftanton

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bl11*

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commom, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of ' Fenftanton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed;

That

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In* closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-; cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and allb to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.-

Tharfton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

commiuecf.'11' mom and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. M 'a!pole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member aUJ- Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell be added to the Gentle-Graveicy1*,n mcn> w*10 arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Intioture Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Cambridge.

Bill presented. Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish o i Grain the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Monmouth- A Bill for making and maintaining certain Railways, Navigation to communicate with the Canal N?.viga-

Biii, tion; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of

committed. ti, at \avigation to raile a further Sum of Money to

complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the ^2d and 37th Years of His prel'cnt Majesty's Reign, relating thereto, was read a.Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thomas Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Catfield, &c. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Drainage Bill, Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within committed. ' the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk-, and for draining and prelcrving the said Commons and Waste Grounds, was read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Marlin Browne Folkcs, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ancholme Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation" the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing reported. an passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His

prel'cnt Majesty, for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of - Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Sluice, in the said County, to the Town of Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or . VOL. 57.

near to the said River, from thence to fetjhop Briggs, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had exafniped, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hppfe, relative to Drainage and Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth*,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. William Hesleden, Treasurer to the Commissioners,

being examined, said. That the Commissioners have made great Progress in the Works directed to be done by the said Act:, for which Purpose several Sums of Money, amounting, together, to the Sum of £.39,000, "

borrowed upon the Credit of the Taxes and Tolls thereby granted, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, which Money still remains due:

That the Money so borrowed, together with the Surplus Fund of the Taxes and Tolls raised under the Authority of the said Act, have become very insufficient for the several Purposes thereby intended, as well as for supporting and preserving the Works already executed, where-: by many of them are now very defective.- — Then,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said.

That, by reason of Improvements in the High Lands adjoining the said Level, the Waters after Rain flow into the Level in much leis Time than heretofore -3 and the said River Ancholme, and the several Works of Drainage already executed, are, in their present State, insufficient to contain and convey away the Flood Waters thereof; and other further Works are become necessary, to improve and render the said Drainage effectual. — And,

Mr. Hefieden being again examined, said, That, ip Order to complete and maintain the several Works aforesaid, and to execute such further Works as shall be deemed necessary for carrying the said Act intp Execution, it is expedient that Power should be given for tailing further Rates and Taxes, and to vary or increase the present Tolls; and that the Powers of the said Act should be altered and enlarged, and more effectual Provision made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual draining the " Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County ,.

" of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable -

" from the River Humber, at or near a Place called

" Ferr aby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town

" of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigat ion up or near to the said River, from thence to " Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln:" A°d that Mr. Vyner and Sir Gilbert Heathe.ote do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newark Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fqr the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for t he Borough of Newark upon in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Thomas Manners Sutton, Esquire, who hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Ellerton: Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waite . Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of Ellerton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry

Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An

A. 1804.

Lord Bute's Settlement Bill, committed.

Petition

rrfpedine

Notice* for

Uphaven

Inclosure,

reported.

Bill ordered.

MaiJflone Paving Bill, committed.

HeiiTT.m Inclosure Bill) reported.

39a

3" Ma

An ingrossed Bill frorrt the Lords* intituled, An Act said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Right honourable John late Earl of Buie, and the Ri^ht Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, honourable Mary Wort ley late Countess of Buie and to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Baroness Mountftnart, his Wife, both deceased, was read' Committee had gone through the Bill*and madefeveral a Second Time. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Lovaine, Mr. Stuart Wort ley, &c.: And they are to mCet Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Chamber* Amendments were Cnee redd throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Quell ion Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be whose Names are thereunder subscribed. Owners of ingrafted*

Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Surrey awl examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the

reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King and

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and George the Third, for more effectually repairing the re-committed,

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman , the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ' in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, by an to Highgate, in the County of and several ot ier

Affidavit produced to the Committee, it appeared, ' Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on for those Purposes, was committed; and to whom the the 2 2d Day of March last, Notices have been given of Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-the Application to Parliament, for a Bill to divide and unto f ibscribed, being Trullees for putting in Execu-inclose the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, tion an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of

by affixing such Notice on the Door of the said Parish His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the

Church* One Sunday in the Month of March last, and Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Two Sundaytin the present Month of April. Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and the 19th Day of March last, was made from the Com- Surrey, and for other Purposes; and also the Petition of mittee, to whom the Petition of William Wyndham, the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks,

Esquire, Charles Gibbet, Thomas Alexander, and the feve- were severally referred; That the Committee had heard ral other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had also on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of, and heard an Agent in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Proprietors interested in, the several Common Fields, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and and other Lands thereinafter mentioned* was referred, found the same to be true; and that the Committee might be again read. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*-

And the same being read accordingly; ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable was read.

Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish And the House being informed that several other of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Amendments are necesiary to be made to the said Bill;

Penruddocke Wyndham and Sir Robert Buxton, do prepare, Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, and bring in, the fame. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, " paving, clcanling, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, 4‘ and other public Passages and Places, within the " King's Town of MaidJIone, in the County of Kent; " for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for " better supplying the said Town with Water; and for " repairing the Highways within the Parish of

fione-f and for ruifing a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Mr. Thomas Jones reported from the Committee, to i whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of HenUan, in the County of Denbigh, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Peak;Gentleman, and Philip Parry, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the

A Petition of the Corporation for improving the Petitions Town and Harbour of Sligo, under their Common Seal, plXganf* was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Harbour Bill: of the Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the.

3d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, inti- for Tmpro^oj tuled, " An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Sligo.

" Rivers, of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of

" Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting

" a Ballast Office in each of the said Cities and each cf " the said Towns,u as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo-, and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and " improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages,

" in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harlxiur thereof;" and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof; and Setting forth. That the said Bill was brought in without the Approbation ot Consent of the Petitioners; and that the said Act of the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is well calculated to answer the several beneficial Purposes

thereby

AndrrwParke ami others.

Provost, &c. Ot Sii^o*

Mere1' nr-,

&c. ot Si-.£0.

thereby intended, and to promote the Interest, Comfort, and Convenience, of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the said bill, if parted into a Law, would by no Means produce the good Fffcfts it profefies to intend, but, on the contrary, would prove highly prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Town, injurious to the Petitioners, and subversive of the Charter Rights of the Pruvoit and Burgesses of Sligo: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Count'd, Agents, and Wirnciles, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of Andrew Parke, Samuel United, Todd Parke, and Co. and the Reverend Richard H'nine, was also prdented to the Uoufe, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have strong Objections to otter to the said Bill, r.s being prejudicial to the Ink-rolls of the said Town of Slip, besides tiding the iulelves individually prejudiced thereby, inasmuch as no Provision is iride therein for reimbursing the Petitioners, and other Persons who wrere concerned with them in advancing Money to pay the Expences of applying for, and obt fining, the said All, so propolld to be repealed: And therefore praying, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Subscribers as aforesaid, T !iat they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, again!! the said Bill; and that the same may not pal's into a haw.

A Petition of the Provofc and Burgellls of the Corporation of S!ip % under their C mrnon Seal, was also pretented to the House, and read; iikewitc Taking Notice of the said Bi' 1; and Selling forth, That the Lid Act of the 4^th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is well calculated to promote the Interests, Comfort, and Convenience, of the Inhabitants of the Town of S/;70, and to amil and encourage the Trade of

«-> 7 „ o

the Port thereof; and that the said Pull, if passed into a Law, would not in any Degree produce the good Eflcfts it profeiUs to intend, but would, on the contrary, be highly prejudicial to ti e Owner of Etlatcs and Inhabitants within the said Town, beii-ks being wholly subversive of the Rights, Privileges, a:. 1 Immunities, granted to the Petitioners by their C..arte*: And therefore praying, T1 at fla y may be heard, by r! air Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, igunil the said Bill; and that the same may not j a Is into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchant , Tnulers, Owners of Houses, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Sip, whole Names arc thereunto fubEribed, was also prefemed to the iloufe, and real; likewise leaking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, after the passing of the said Act of the 40th Year of His present Majoi!y\> Reicm, a numerous Meeting of the Inh-.bitants c! the

o 7 O

Town of Slip, convened by regular Notice, w:o held at the Court House of the said Town; and that, after a full Dilcuffion of the Merits of the Act, a Committee, conlitling of Fourteen of the principal Pc rfens of the Town and County, was unanimously ciu.iln, to whom all Differences of Opinion receding the Act was referred; and that the said Committee, after a most serious Deliberation, and with the unanimcns Approbation of the Inhabitants, agreed to apply to Parliament for an Act to amend and extend the Act of the 40th of His present Majestyk Reign; and that the Petitioners fee with Concern, that the Bill brought into Parliament is by no Means contoimable to the' 1 demii Agreement of the Inhabitants of the down, expressed by their Committee; that it is totally dliferent in its Conliruftion and Piovifior. % and disproved by the Peribns moil interested in the Prosperity of Slip; and that the Petitioners are decidedly ot Opinion, that the Act of the 40th of the King, with the Amendments above alluded to, is better calculated to promote the Trade, Safety, and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Accommodation of all Peribns retorting thereto, than the Bill now before Parliament: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and

Vo i" 57*

Witness'es, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were fevr rally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners ere to be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for Society m promoting LngHJhProtestant Schools in Inland, was like-

wife prelected to the House, and read; alloTaking Notice Protestant of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners Scho°ls. have the Care and Management of a Protestant Charter School in the Neighbourhood of the Town of Sligo, which never has been subject to any Taxes for the Improvement of the said Town; and that it is proposed to in' ]utie the said Charter School within the Precincts of the said Town, and thereby to make it liable to a Variety of hates, which would be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and destructive to the Objects of the said useful Institution, the Funds of which are alone applicable to the charitable Purposes thereof: And therefore praying;

That in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, a Proviso may be inserted, excepting the said Charter School, and the Lands thereunto belonging, from being affected by it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colt's Estate for confirming a Feu Contract made between Oliver Colt, Klquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton , his Nephew, an Infant, and David of certain

Parts of the Lands of b.cftern ami iVcdrn Car!:irk. situated in the County of Lanark, in North Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. William Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet tills

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lujl.dngtonreported from the Committee, to Billingsgate

whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and petluonl*re-Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council ported. alleniMcd, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed Inn to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act; pallid in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the " Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to re- duce the present exorbitant Prices thereof, and encourage Ffthermen," was read; by which it appeared, that,*among other Things, it w'as Enacted, That all Fith, of any of the respective Sorts in the said Act specified, which should be brought for Sale to the said Citi<s, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should be openly and publicly exposed to Sale at the first Hand, and that every Lot or Parcel of Fish should cor.tift only of One Sort of Fill), and should be fold in no greater Number or Quantity of Fish in any One Lot or Parcel in gate Market, or within 150 Yards of Billingsgate Dock, than is by the said Act directed. — And,

Mr. Henry Cnjjicellbeing examined, said. That at the

Time ol {railing the above-mentioned Act, the Quantity of \\ hire Fish and Fresh Salmon brought to Billingsgate Market was very Imall, in Companion with the Quantity that is now brought and fold there, owing to the great Increase in the Number and Size of the Fishing Velleis

5 II employed

A. 1802.

394 30 Mali.

employed in the Fishery, and the present Method of bringing froth Salmon to Market in Ice, a Mode not ufod until within these few Years, and long since the patting of the said Act, by which Moans the Price of Fiflt is greatly reduced, and the Public more amply supplied therewith: That, from the great Increase in the Quantity of Pith of all Kinds brought to Billingsgate Market for Sale, and particularly of those above specified, the Salesmen and Factors are unable to dispose of the same in the Manner and according to the Regulations and Provisions of the said Act, particularly in the Articles of Frdh Salmon, Cod, Skair, and Turbot, whereby the Salesmen and Factors have frequently and unavoidably been subjceded to Prosecutions for recovering of the Penalties inflicted by the said Act; that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been found in other Respects inconvenient and prejudicial to the Persons concerned and employed in supplying the said Market with Fish, and detrimental to the Public. — Then,

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Petitioners apprehend, and believe, it would tend greatly to encourage and facilitate the Sale of Fish in the said Market if the said Act was to be repealed, and if the Petitioners were inverted with such Powers and Authorities for regulating the Sale of Fish by Wholesale, in the said Market, as may be deemed requisite and neo rtary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing (o much of an Act, made in the 2d Year of tiic Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better supplying the Cities of London and " minsterwith Fith, and to reduce the present exorbitant

" Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by \\ holcfale within the said City of; and for the

better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City: And that Mr . Luftdngton, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman

Combe, and Sir John fViHiamAndcrjrn, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel-, and also a Branch of Road from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Anne, all in the County of Eli; and also for opening) widening, and improving, certain Streets and Pal-(ages from the End of the said Road, to, along, and through Chttrih Lane, or Church , into and along LittleAylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London, for incorporating the said Roads commonly called The Cannon Street Road with the said Road called The Commercial Road, and for making the same a Part of the said Commercial Road, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Tierney,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

General Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling certain Persons in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and ethers concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Spcifrury in- Air. "John Fane presented to the House, according to uc.iure fiiii, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ? ‘ Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spe/shury, in the County of Oxford: And the same wras received; and read the First. Time.

Ref lived. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition re- A Petition of the several Persons, wdiofe Names are i^r<r for Pro ^lcrcunt0 subscribed, being Trustees for executing several vTi!onhi isle Aifts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late of Dog* Road Majesty King George the Second, and in the 5th and B,!1' 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from RatcliffeHighway through Cannon Street, in the County of Midd/eJ'ex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Street

into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex-, and also of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the said Acts, was presented to the Hou(e, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 7th Day of April last, Notices have been given at the Jail Lifter Quarter SdTions of the Peace holden for the County of Middlesex, and also'at the last Easter Quarter S.rtions of the Peace holden in and for the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and Three Times in the Newspapers called The Morning Chronicle, and The Times, in the Month of April, that Application is making to Parliament for Provision being made in a Bill, now depending in the I Joule, for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole, to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hinx worth, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Hands, within the Parish of Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Liverpool £x change Bill, presented.

Walpole* F.tfare Bill, reported, and palfed.

Hi nx worth Inclosure Bill, presented.

Thurlby Tn-closure Bill, p relented.

Swinfcoe Tn-cloi'ure Billy paired.

Bill for supplying Dublin with Water, committed.

Scotch Nfilitia Bill, pre-iented.

Con-.m:trfe on /.vt for rc-ml.ttin.' 1 e r-twh.ivk oil Si:; ir rx-p'>r»e 1 from Ireland.

Irish Vari/.rrs B.-U, p:c-Ituled.

F*-po;t Wi s and Mtuio.

Lbtli.ks.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for'dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

RefdvedAY\\at the Bill be committed to Mr. Bcreford, Mr. Knox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to raile and establish a Militia Force in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Ti at the said Bill be read a Second Time

To-mo rro vV >. I on \ i ng.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolvc il'c f into a Committee of the v;hole House, to confJer or an Act, mao.r in the last Session of Parliament, unit joed,' " An ‘ dt for- regulating, until the " Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exporta-u tion Lorn Ireland of Bri:i)Ji Plantation Sugar; and for " allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from 4C Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to 4< be warehouild in Ireland,' be now read.

And the Laid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlcIf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llesolution; which they had c!ireeled him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Encouw gement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfo}ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

O) dered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to cor.iuier further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to I!is Majdiy, the Resolu-tions which the Committee had directed him to report to the lion fa; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to 1 lis Majesty, the Sum of One Million Four Hundred and Fifty-live Thousand Pounds be raised by Three Ix>lteries, whereof Nine Hundred and Seventy Thousand Pounds shall be for the Service of Great Britain, and Four Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand Pounds for the Service of Ireland. VOL. 57.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*

That such Lotteries shall, in the Whole, consist of One Hundred Thousand Tickets at Fourteen Pounds Eleven Shillings each, and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 3d Day of May 1802, make a Denoiit with the Cashier of the- Bank of England:of One Pound and Ten Shillings in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashier on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say;

On the First of the said Lotteries,

£. 4 on or before the 28th Day of 1802:

£.4 on or before the 30th Day of June then next following: '

£.5. 1 s. on or before the 23d Day of July then next following.

On the Second of the said Lotteries:

£. 4 on or before the 3d Day of September 1802:

£.4 on or before the 1 ft Day of then next following:

£. 5. 1 s. on or before the 12th Day of November then next following:

And, on the Third of the said Lotteries,

£. 4 on or before the 14th Day of January 1803:

£. 4 on or before the 1 ith Day of February then next following:

£. 5. 1 s. on or before the 24th Day of March then next following:

And that the Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors, on completing their Payments for each of the said Lotteries:

That the Sum of Nine Hundred Thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said respective Lotteries, whereof Six Hundred Thousand Pounds shall be contributed by Great Britain and Three Hundred Thousand Pounds by Ireland, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland, for the Service of the Year 1S02, and be paid at the Bank of England in Money to such Proprietors, upon Demand, within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing oi each of the fad Lotteries, or as loon as Cettincates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever, and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty s Exchequer, to be anpiicd. from Time to Time, to such Services for Great Britain and Ireland, as Hull. then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

Tout every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of One Million Four Hundred and Fifty-five Thousand Pounds, shall be allowed an Interest, by Wtay of Discount, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sums lo completing his or her Contribution on each of the said Lotteries, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 29th Day of June 1802, or the 30th Day of September 1802, of theioth Day of February 1803, respectively, as the same may be.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refutations: And that Mr. Henry AlMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Lord George ‘Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart , and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second sli m Paving Reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, ami Harbour made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for cleaning the Ports,

" Harbours, and Rivers, of the City o and of the

" Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and and for

" erecting a Bailait Office in each of the said Cities and

" each

3 d Mail. . 1802.

" each of the said Towns,'* as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of 67igo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, light1 " in;, and improving, the Streets, Quays, lames, and " Patlliges, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; " for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for " supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

EnMiih Militia r*-committed Li.il, n.;>orted.

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the I.aws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Accounts reflecting Ireland, predated.

AfptmliX)

(No. 64.I t(No.65.) § ^No. 66.)

The House being informed that Mr. Chief

Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total actual Expenditure in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th January 1802: together with several Appendixes: And also.

An Account of Calli due by acting and deceased and distnified Distributors of Stamps, Ireland, to 5th January 1802: And also.

An Account of the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, borrowed as Part of Loans in

England, to the iftof February 1802; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds, how much of each Fund respectively has been redeemed; the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying the Annual Amount; and the several Portions thereof payable in London: And also.

An Account of the Progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt ot Ireland, to the 5th of January 1802, distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds; how much of each Fund respectively has been redeemed, the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, and at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the lveduftion thereof; specifying their Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof payable in Dublin: And also.

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of /. 353,193. is. i\d. Part of £.650,000 granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland for the Year 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That inch a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Appendixes to the First of the said Accounts are piolbrved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Vo ume *, as also the Third, Fourth f, and Fifth §, of the said Accounts. — The Second Account, being imperfect, was withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the 28th Instant.

A Motion was made; and the Question being pro- Daynppomted poled. That this House will, upon the 18th Day; iinitivt

of this Instant May, take into Consideration the Defini- Treaty of tiv-e Treaty of Peace between His Br Majesty and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, signed at Amiens3 the 27th Day of March 1802.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the W ord " Eighteenth," and insertir.g the Word " Eleventh" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Eighteenth" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put* That the Word " Eleventh" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the nth Day of this Instant May, take into Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Britannic Majesty, and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, signed at Amiens, the 27th Day of March ,802 ' '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for set* Reading of the Eill for enabling Mis Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal High- Dukes of ness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve ®uflex an^ Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of commiuuh Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second jl'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mcrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into PeVors Relief' further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Blll> deterred, the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in " Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act,

to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration 'Fo-morrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill respefHng' further Consideration the Report from the Committee ^^ouonCand of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Preserva- other Faction of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others tones, deter-employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia Pay resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bli1, Jelenc ‘ upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to M'litiaOF-resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the b!!^W' Bill for making Allowances in certain Cales, to Subaltern deferred. ' Officers of the Militia, during Peace.

30 — 40 Mail.

397

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for further The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

th^Trbbof Heading of the Bill for the further Regulation of the Controverted Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members deferredS* to forvc >n Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Edl to amend \ Bill amend, and render more effectual, so much ventinpPtx- of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign prnce* in of King Williamthe Third, intituled, "An Act for pre-tomnmtn'. " venting Charge and Expence in Elections of Mem-* bets to lcrve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Siumr.&c. Ti e Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and amend an £i(k!pfnng Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Law.) certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill -, viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 33. To leave out from " drawnback" to the End of Line 35.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mart is, -die Maii;

Ways and Nlcans, deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill respefUng Refs/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

ili'nuAfhjre ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of irei.ind, consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the deterred. better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in land.

Supply <L aired.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo L. 57.

Anno 42® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Half ord and The Lords

Sir William Weller Pepys: tav* 3Sieed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,* intituled, An Act Exchequer to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's credif of°n Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Supplies.

Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great , for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bilh>-for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aftby-de-la-for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Road Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, in Tut bury, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newent Roads Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from B,ll‘ a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of , in

the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, towards in

the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of H; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great Barton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-Year or kwlofure Bill. Every-Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Up Lam-for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open inciofure Bill, and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up-Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping

Lambourne, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harwell for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Inclosure Bl and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and Other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Harwell, in the County Of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Christchurch, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common- Inclosure able Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch, and Parish or Chapelry of in

the County of Southampton-, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Everton, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common ncoure 1 Field, Wastes. and other Commonable Lands, in the

5 I Township

4° Mail. A. 1802.

The Lnrds luve pitied (»lover's fc:Utc Bill.

Dr S lis's LiUtc Bill.

Minuind*i L.uie bill.

Township or Hamlet of Ever ton, with the Parish of Mr. John Fane, be added to the Committee, who are Ever ton-cum-Teticerth, in the Counties of Bedford, Hun- appointed to consider ot several Acts relative to the ting Jon, and Cambridge, some or one of them; and for ex- Assize and Making ot Bread; and to report the lame, with tinguishing all the Tythes arifrng within the Township their Opinion thereupon, to the House, or Hamlet of Evert onaforesaid; without any Amendment: And also, Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Davmtry

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and SlimedBl!!' enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, empower the Devisees in Trull under the Will of John and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Glover, late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in the County

in the County of M'ttidlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease of NoAnd the same was received; and read for the Term of Ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or the First Time.

Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Ellate RefolThat the Bill be read a Second Time, deviled by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement

therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Effingham upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that inclosure Bill lean reasonable; to which the Lords desire the Con- Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the ommiu"d. currence of this House: And also. Manor of Effingham Court, in the Parish of Effing- ,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the the Committee had examined, and found that the Part of Peter de Salis, Rfquire, and the other Persons Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome.de Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-Sa/is, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and laid Mary de Sa/is, in making a Partition of certain found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

Efhtcs late of the Right honourable Susanna Viscountess cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Britain and Ireland called Ireland-, to which the Lords thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Parker in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Truf- And the House beinS informed that several other tees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arifrng by Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita- Bill; .

ments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses; to Rtfohcd, That the said Bill be re-committed,

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

And then the MdTengers withdrew. Committee to whom the same was committed.

Kukcud- A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal br'int C from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkenns to the Port

« m.n'itted. and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcud-

bright, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spalding, Mr. William &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dm Mont'i Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Louis Du Mont, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lor«l % and acquaint them, that this house hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

l-ri> m*on ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

I ri-vuircB;lt. the Open and Common f ields. Meadows, Lands, Com-111011 % and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenfanton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons,-nd Commonable Places, within the Parish in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, '1 hat Mr. Jodrelldo carry' the Bill to the Lord?, and delirc their Concurrence.

Oidered, That Sir Marlin Browne Folkes, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Golding, and 3

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Mint Black Rod: to Bills-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers. '

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Flis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Alvanley, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are asfollowct'n;

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be granted by Parliament, lor the Service of

Britain, lor the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Income;.for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; and for charging the Annuities

speciticaily

specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain:

An Act for improving the Castle Lighthouse

and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in rel'pedt of such Improvement:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King -r George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the county of,

through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of to join the Turnpike

Road leading from the City of Hereford towards Newn-kam, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Ki/cott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of , in the County of U lor. refer, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard IT a!pole to fell certain Parts of his Copyhold Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-YearorEvery-Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arabic Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up-Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allottiftg, and laying inSeveralty, and inclosing,

the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commonable Lands and W'afle Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch, and Parish or Chapelry of hurst, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field, Wades, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Everton, with the Parish of Everton-aM-Tetwcrth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, leme or one of them; and for CaUinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Town-ship or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid:

An AtX for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckhcaton and Scho/es, in the Manor and Town Hi ip cf Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birfall, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stockingford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick-, and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aiorciaid, called The Cottiers, otherwise Cottagers Piece.

Worthing An ingrefild Bill for amending, widening, improving, *"« lil‘1' and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, l ' in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of by

Findon, WajliugtonHill Rock, and Common, to

Dial Poll, and trom thence, by Nep and Baybridge Lane, to the Strtning Turnpike at West Grinfted Park, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from in

Vol. 57.

the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of by.

Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Afliington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike at West Grinfled in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Edward Confable, of Burton Confable, Petition of in Holderness, in the County of York, Esquire, was pre- Mr. Confable, fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the withernwick Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open indofure Bill. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Withernwick, in the Parish of wick, in the East Riding of the County of York; and.

Setting forth. That the said Bill contains divers Powers,

Clauses, and Provisions, which, if passed into a Law, will be highly detrimental to the Rights and Interest of the Petitioner: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, his Agents, Counsel, and Witnesses, at the Bar of the House, against the said Lnclosure; and to prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Agents, Cqunfel, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamond's for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Parker ^jre Blll> Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Truf- m tees,'to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Norton reported from the Committee, to william's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EfateBiil, Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams, and

Esquire, devised by the Will of Peckham Williams,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That General Norton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Billtoamepd Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An L°^n Port " Act for rendering more commodious, and for better committed.

" regulating, the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Apprentices2 further Consideration the Report from the Committee at Cotton and of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Prefer- oth.er Fac*

. tones, re-

vat ion committed.

vation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Considered. Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill to *rcept The House was moved, That the following Resolu-

Sefviceof ti°ns of the House, of the 6th Day of April last, might

Yeomanry be read.

and volunteer And the same were read accordingly; and are as fol-Corps,

ordered. lOWeth; VIZ.

" Resolved, Nemine Coutradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Officers of the several " Corps of Yeomanry, and Volunteer Cavalry and Infantry, and of the Sea Fencibles, which have been formed in Great Britain and Ireland, during the Course " of the War, for the seasonable and eminent Services " they have rendered to their King and Country."

" Resolved, Nemine Coutradicente, That this House " doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services " of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the " several Corps of Yeomanry, and Volunteer Cavalry " and Infantry, and of the Sea Fencibles, which have " been formed in Great Britain and Ireland, during the " Course of the War; and that the same be communicated to them by the Colonels, and other Commanding Officers of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their meritorious Conduct."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Young, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bull-baiting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Bril, ordered. prevent;ng the practice of Bull-baiting and Bull-run-

ning: And that Mr. Dent, General Leland, Lord Granville Levej'onGower, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill for upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an An- nu^Kon" nuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal High- the Dukes of ness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve Cambridge. Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Debtors further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief " of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly \

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Corry reported from the Committee, appointed to Estimate of prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath- Al][i°"*"ace*t® ing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Al- officers of lowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Ireland, Militia, during Peace, for the Year 1802, and who were repor empowered to report, from Time to Time, to the House;

That the Committee had prepared an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, for the Year 1802, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the MILITIA of Ireland,

during Peace, for the Year 1802.

To <570 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the late War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £. 25 per Annum respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercise ——

To 285 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of £. 20 per Annum respectively ——

£. s. d.

14,250 ——

5>7°° ——

c

19>95° ——

Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

4* Mail

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Irish Elections Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ae^Irtdi Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and , for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Irish Marineri Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill, Reading of the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

committed.

Report on Act

for regulating the Drawback on Sugar exported from Ireland.

Irish Indemnity Bill, ordered.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wh m it was referred to considerof an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, " until the Twentieth Day of One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation " Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar " exported from Ireland; and for allowing Plan-

" tat ion Sugar to be warehous'd in ," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, should be continued, for a Time to be limited, with Amendments.

-The (laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Corry, Mr. I Vick ham, Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Hiley

Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them-lclves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Lnw: And that Mr. Corry, Mr. Wickham, and Mr. llenry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for further Kegu tation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto, be now read.

Vo L. 57.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

Ordered \Thaf the said Bill be read a Second Time ' Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for thA House Bill to amend to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^ring Ex-upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, lo pence fn much of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the ^nfoiered. Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act and reported. " for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same frorti serving in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Comrtiittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read' the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufacture to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for of Ireland, the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in d'fcrred* Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Militia Reading of the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on. further Consideration the Report which was made from Chatham the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the pre- further'eonfi-sent, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the dered. Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining.and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordirigly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now takefr into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Counsel be now called in;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

5 K Mr.

1

4* — 50

A. 1802.

Abingdon, Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying prefcn'wd. in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in Abingdon Lands and Fidds, and the Hamlet of Shipp, in the Parish of Saint in the County of Berks (except Abingdon Commott, Abingdon Mead, and The Breaches adjoining, all in the Parish of Saint Helen aforesaid) and for allotting, fixing, and regulating, the First Crop or Mowth in Abingdon Mead aforesaid, without Prejudice to the Rights of Common there; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refobved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition of A Petition of the Makers or Manufacturers of Milled MiUed*Board, Boajd, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf rcipecting the of themselves and other Makers and Manufacturers of Milled Board, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the disallowinig and taking away the Drawback of the Duty formerly allowed on the Exportation of Milled Board, and the laying an additional Duty thereon during the last Session of Parliament, has greatly injured and prejudiced this Trade so as nearly to prevent the Exportation of Milled Board, and greatly to diminish the Home Consumption thereof, which occasions a Diminution in the Receipt of the Public Revenue, as well by decreeing the Duties a riling from Milled Board as by lessening the Value of the old and useless pitched Cables and Ropes of the Royal Navy, of which the Milled Board is principally made; and that the Petitioners conceive that a Reduction of the Duties on the Home Consumption, and the allowing a Drawback of the Duties, or the greater Part thereof, on the Exportation of Milled Board, would tend to encourage the Trade, and to increase the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the Duties on Milled Boards may be lessened, and that a Drawback may be allowed on all Milled Boards exported, of the whole Duties payable thereon, or of such Part thereof, as to the House shall seem meet; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall deem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50;

Anno 42* Georgii III*" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Feilden's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An fommitteJ. -Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to

John Feilden, Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of Chester, deviled by the Will of Thomas Hunt, Esquire,

deceased and for substituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall-, and for veiling the Purchase Money for the said Ellatcs in the County of Chester in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornwall, w as read a Second Time.

Ref. ,lved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lawrence Talk reported from the Committee, to pfliMon, «- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

ported. c

are thereunto subscribed. Part of whom are Creditors, and Part are Trustees, of the several Turnpike Roads leading from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hcnnock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the same County, and from Travellers in the Parish of Ashburton to Nnvton Busheand from thence

to Forches, otherwise Forges Cross, in the Parish of High-week, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follou'eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed, one in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the said Road from Chudleigh Bridge to Brent Bridge aforesaid, and the other made and passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the said Roads from Travellers Rejl to Newton Bushell and Forches, otherwise Forges Cross, was read: — And,

Mr. Robert Abraham being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by and under the Authority of the said several Acts, have proceeded in the Execution of the fame, in widening and repairing the said Roads; and that considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed at Interest, on the Credit of the respective Tolls thereof, which Money, together with the Tolls arising therefrom, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; that the said Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, and the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of the said respective Tolls as aforesaid, or the Interest thereof, cannot be paid, unless the Terms granted by the said Act of the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the said respective Tolls increased. — And the Witness further said. That it is expedient, for the better Management and Regulation of the said Roads, that Power should be given to divert and turn the same from Ashburton towards Brent Bridge, through the Parish of Rattery, in the said County of Devon; and also to comprize the Road leading from Moor's Barn to the End of Whitehill Lane, within the Parish of Highweek, within the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts; and also, that it will be much for the Benefit and Advantage of Persons travelling the said Road, that Power should be given to erect and continue Lamps, and light that Part of the said Road which runs through the said Town of Ashburton, being the direct Road from Exeter to mouth.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, and the Town of Newton Bushell, in the County of Devon: And that Sir Lawrence Pa/k, Mr. Bastard, and Mr. Palk, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Churcham Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable committed* and Intermixed I^ands, within that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Admiral Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

Petition re- Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to p(°J. whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names vision in ide are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 5th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratc/tffe Highway through Street, in

the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable , and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex-, and also, of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the said Acts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Baker being examined, informed the Committee, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 7th Day of April last. Notices have been given at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of Middlesex, and also at the last Easter Quarter Sessions, holden in and for the Liberty of His Majesty's Town of London, and Three Times in the Newspapers called The Morning Chronicle and The Timet, in the Month of April last, that Application is making to Parliament for rrovision being made in a Bill, now depending in the House, intituled, " A Bill for making, " repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, " from the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street, " called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel; and also a Branch of Road from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the county of ; and also for

" opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road, to, along, " and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into and along Little Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and " through Somerset Street into Whitechapel High Street, " in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High " Street, in the City of London '' for incorporating the said Roads, commonly called The Cannon Street Road, with the said Road called The Commercial Road, and for making the same a Part of the said Commercial Road.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 19th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under the same Acts, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the Isle'of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street, called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel; and also a Branch or Short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road, to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into, and along Little Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into and through Somerst Street into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street,

Xql, 57.

in the City of London, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for incorporating a certain Road directed to be made and maintained by several Acts, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 5th and '40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, from Ratcliffe Highzvay, thro'ugh Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex-, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street; and from Upper Shadwell Strcft into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, with the said Road, called The Commercial and for making the same a Part of the said Commercial Road.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition in thereunder signed, being Inhabitants of the Towns of CuSam°Road Crick lade and Highworth, and the Neighbourhood and Bridge thereof, in the County of Wilts, on- Behalf of them- Bill' selves and others, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Cul-ham, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Parishes of Dudcote and Hagbortie, in the County of Berks; and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston Tirrold into the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks; and for ereAing a Bridge across the River Thames or Isis, at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of Culham, t6

the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks: And praying that the same may pass into a Law:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Petition to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and insurance others, in order to establish ah Institution, to be called Company, The Kent Insurance Company, was referred; That the 161,011 Committee had examined the Mat ter, of the said Petition, and had direified him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and Is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Scudamore being examined, said. That the Petitioners and others are desirous of forming an Institution in the County of Kent, to be called The Kent Insurance Company, for granting Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities, and granting Insurances 'against Loss or Damage by Fire; and that, for these Purposes, the Petitioners are desirous that His Majesty should be empowered by an Act of the Legislature to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Petitioners, and others interested in the intended Office, for enabling them to raise a Capital Stock of sufficient Amount, within such Time, and by such Proportions at a Time, and in such Manner, as by the said Act or Charter shall be appointed; and that they should be authorized to grant Assurances on Lives, and Insurances against Fire, and to grant Annuities, at such Rates as may be agreed on between the Insurer and Allured.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by a Charter, a Company, to be called The Kent Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes relating the reto: And that Sir William Geary and Sir Edward Knatchbull do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 3 ad Year Medway of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Na- Navigation vigation of the River Medway, from the Town of committed.

fonef

5® Maii. 1802.

Rfftor of

Merthyr T>dvir« Lca'e* Billt reported, and

p-dfed.

Stirling and

CUcKminnan

Rouils and

Brid^ei

Petition,

reported.

stone, through the several Parishes of Aldington, and Aylesford\in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary Sir Edward Knatchbnll&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom . the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of for the

Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Redtory, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved \That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. EJlfourt do carry the Rill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. William Dmdas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of mannan, Stirling, Berth, and Fife, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Colonel Abercrombie being examined, said, That the Road from Causeway Head, near Stirling, along the Foot of the Ockil Hills, and the frveral other Roads mentioned in the Petition, which pass through the Counties of Clackmannan, Stirling, Perth, and Fife, are circuitous, narrow, in bad Repair, and dangerous to Travellers; and that it Would be a great Benefit-to the Agriculture, Commerce, and Improvement of the said Counties, if a proper Road Were made in the Line described in the Petition, and the same kept in Repair; but for doing which there are not furheient Funds and Authority under the Statutes now existing. — And being further examined, he said. That a reatonable Composition in Money, in lieu of actual Labour, is, in many Places, found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services than the actual Performance; and that it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of Clackmannan, and to the Parish of Alloa, in the County of Stirling, and the Parishes of Logie and Muckhart, in the County of Perth, to convert the Statute Services into Money, and to allcrtain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the lame; and to authorize an additional Assessment than that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands, and other Persons, in the said County of Clackmannan, and the Parishes aforesaid in Stirling and Perth, for making Highways in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Causeway Head, ne ir Stirling, through the County of , by the Foot of the Ockil Hills, and by Saline and Crofsfoord, towards Queensferryand certain Roads brandling out of the fame; and for converting the Statute labour in the said County of Clackmannan:

And that Mr. William Dundas and Sir George Douglas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, Glasgow to whom the Bill for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whete the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the present, or pro- Chatham viding an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for p that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for raising Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order of the 26 th Day of February last, " That Leave be given {j^xeter and " to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Newcastle " ing and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed " in the 32d if ear of the Reign of his late Majesty discharge *

" King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- pairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the " Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-underLyme; and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh; and also " from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County " of Stafford; and for making and maintaining a new " Road from the said Town of Ne to " the Village of Shelton, in the said County," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that it was not intended to proceed upon that Part of the Petition for the said Bill which relates to making the Road from Newcastle to Shelton;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,-of several Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme; and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh; and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford: And that Lord Granville Leve-son Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Curtispresented to the House, ac- Billingsgate' cording to Order, a Bill for repealing lo much of an, FlBinf*rket Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present presented. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying " the Cities of London and Westminster with Fi/li, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to.

" protect

1

HeulLm laclolurc Bill,

passed.

Kensington inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition* in Favour of Culham Road and Bridge

BilL

Petition of the Mayor, Scc.ofI'e.ilcy, aiinmlt

Bill.

42 GeO. III. 50 Mail.405

" protect and encourage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London -, and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made. That the ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Steele (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as

1 lis Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Dundasprefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes of aind Radley,

in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder signed, being Housekeepers in the Town of Wantage, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder signed, being Housekeepers in the Town of Farringdon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks: And alto,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder signed, being Housekeepers in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Culham, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Pari Hies of Dudcote and Hag-borne, in the County of Berks; and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston rold into the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks; and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or Isis, at or near Culham Whain the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks: And praying, That the same may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, was all'o presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, by an Act, passed in the

2 ill Year of His present Majesty's Reign, w'ere, amongst

others, appointed Commissioners of a Bridge across the River Thames, at the Town of called

Henley Bridge, and as such have borrowed considerable

Sums of Money on Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, of which the Sum of 9,650 now remains . Vol-57-

due; and that the building the said Bridge over the River Thames or Isis, as proposed by the said Bill, would prove injurious to the Navigation of the River, and greatly inconvenience Persons navigating the fame; and that the intended Road is only about Two Miles nearer, from Abingdon to Streatley or Reading, than the present Road from Abingdon, through Culham and Dorchester, over Skilling ford Bridge, through; and that,

should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will occasion a considerable Diversion in the Travelling on the said Road, and thereby prove highly injurious not only to the Petitioners, and all Persons concerned in Trade, living in the said Town of Henley, or on the Line of Road between Abingdon and Maidenhead, but also to such Persons as have advanced Money on Credit erf" the* Tolls of Henley Bridge, as well as to the Dorchester and Shil/ingfordTrulls; and that the Advantage to arise from such new Bridge and Road is very uncertain, and will benefit only a few, but will materially injure the old established Roads, and the Towns upon them: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law-.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be reid a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counfeft or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His pr.efent Majesty, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to AJkton,

and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found thjit the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had exar mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. Robert Carr being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and considerable Sums of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, are now due and owing; and that the Powers granted by the said Act are in many Respects defective; and the said Roads cannot be kept in effectual Repair, and the Debt repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and further Powers granted, and the Tolls therein specified varied and modified; and that, if Part of the said Act which respects the Repair of the public Highway or Road leading from the Blue Bell, in the Village of to the South-West

Corner of the Church-yard there, was to be repealed, and inilead thereof, the Road was to be continued from the South-West Corner Eastward, to unite with the said Turnpike Road from Liverpool to Prescott, being about a Mile in Length, and be amended and kept in Repair by the Petitioners, it would be of public Utility, by making a more direct and convenient Communication between the Town of Prescott and Tow-nship of Hayton; and that, if another Part of the said Act which respects the Repair of Part of the said Turnpike Roads from the old Toll Bar in Hillock Street, in Prescott, to the Jundlion of the new Road next mentioned, should be repealed, and in lieu thereof a certain Street in the Town of Prescott, called The Long Street, which is now generally

5 L used

Xlverpool and Prescott Road* Petition, reported*

4° 6

5° M

A. 1802.

EleiHon Ourhft Kill* ^denied.

Saxelby inclosure and Drainage Bill, committed.

Kclby, Sec. inclosure Bill, comn*itted.

Petition of Mr. Wynne, relative to Sligo Paving aii'i Harbour Bill.

tifed as the public Road from to

being more late and commodious than the old Road, Was to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Petitioners, it would be of great public Benefit, the old Road being in many Parts very narrow, of steep Descent, and dangerous to Travellers; and that, if the said Turnpike Road was to be. continued from the Inn or Dwelling House in Prescott, known by the Sign of The Old Legs of Man, to and pall a House known by the Sign ot The Boot, and from thence on towards the East Side of the said Town of to Hillock Street,

it would be rendered more commodious to the Public; and that, if additional Toll Bars, with Toll Houses, and convenient Side Bars, were erected and put up on certain Parts of the said Turnpike Roads, as may be deemed expedient, the said Tolls would be more productive, and bear more equally and impartially upon the Public, by railing a just Proportion thereof from certain Districts lying contiguous to the said Turnpike Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty,

" for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads " from Liverpool to Prescott, Ashton, and Warrington, and " other Hoads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaflerand to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads: And that General Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the Appointment of " Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and De-c la rations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members . to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Halt-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within or near to the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Btirdon, Mr. Pierrepont, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelly, and

Ofiby, and in the Parish of Hus dor, othenvile in

the County of Lincoln.was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committal to Mr. Burden, Mr. Pierrepora, he.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petilion of Owen llynne, El quire, being offered to be presented to the Iloule;

The House was moved. That the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th Day of May 1791, relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any City or Town, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, and which, uj»on the 30th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, were extended to Ireland, might be read.

2

And. the said Orders being read accordingly;

The said Petition was brought up, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King George the Second*, intituled, An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours,

" and Rivers, of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of " Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and and for erecting

" a Ballast Office in each of the said Cities and each of the said Towns,"* as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving* cleansing, lighting, and '* improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages,

" in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said. Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof;' and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo, and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbqur thereof; and Setting forth. That at the Time the Petition for the said Bill was presented to the House, referred to a Committee, and reported upon, (he Petitioner was detained in Ireland by particular Business; and that upon his coming to England, he was induced to cause some Enquiry to be made as to the Proceedings of the Committee, to whom the Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill was referred; from those Enquiries he has reason to believe, that the Standing Orders of the House, respecting Notices of Applications for Bills of the Nature of that now depending as aforesaid, have not been complied with, inasmuch as the Petitioner can make it appear that The Sligo Journal, in which the Notice of the intended Application for the above Bill was given, is publillied only on a Friday, that such Notice was inserted in The Sligo Journal of Friday the 18 th and 25th Days of September last; that it thereby became impossible, according to the Course of publishing the said Newspaper, to comply with the Standing Order of the House respecting Bills for paving Cities and Towns, bearing Date the 20th Day of May 1791; and that, in order to cure such Defect of want of Notice, an Impression of the said Newspaper, as the Petitioner has heard, was caused to be printed off, bearing Date Tuesday the 29 th of the same Month of September, but whether before or after that Day the Petitioner knows not, but it contained various Articles of News which had been inserted in the Paper of the preceding Friday, but without any Advertisement whatever except that of the Notice for the said Bill; and that the said Newspaper of Tuesday the 29th of September bears the same Number with that of the Newspaper of Friday the 25th of September, and which, the Petitioner apprehends, cannot be Galled a Publication in a Newspaper within the Meaning of the Standing Orders of the House, inasmuch as it was published in Two Numbers only, instead of Three, viz. in Numbers 519 and 520: And therefore praying.

That a Committee may be appointed to enquire how far, and in what Manner, the Standing Orders of the House, in the case of Notices, have been complied with. *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. FofMr. Bragge, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 15th Day Report of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom refem the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

An

42 Geo. III.

5° Ma

407

De Sills's Eltote Bill, read.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lortbi intituled, An Act; for removing the prefect Slaughter Housea in

for authorizing the Pertbns therein named to concur, o» the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town, the Part of Peter de Salts* Efiquir-e, and the other Persons Hall and Guard Housei for enlarging and, repairing the entitled under the Settlement executed: by Jerome de Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of Salts, Efiquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the the said Town; for paving the said Town, and- Places laid Mary de Salts, in making a Partition of certain adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoy-Estates late of the Right honourable Susanna Viscountefe anees therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands; Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great without any Amendment: And also,

Britain and Ireland called Ireland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bangor Roads Bill.

Estimate*# See. p relented:

Guards and

Garril'ons.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ir> from the 25th May

Forces in

Plantations,

&c.

Pencible

Infantry.

State of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of

Llanufydin the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stockbridge for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers, of so. wincheflw-180a to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being much of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Road* Bill. 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads for reducing their Numbers: And also, from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of -

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the ampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City,

Plantations, 8cc. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Cqftle at Malta, in F-gspt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Down, near the Town of , in the said.

Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th County; and from the said City of Winchester through of May 1802 to the 24th of June following, both inclu- Otterborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the five, being 31 Days, according to their present Ella- Town Hi Sas relates to the South District of the

blishment; and for reducing their Numbers. Southampton Road; without any Amendment: Andallo,

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act His Majesty's Command, for building and maintaining a House of Correction in

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible and for the City and County of Aberdeen, apd for railing Infantry, for Service in the United Kingdom of Great a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, pro-Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802 to the fecuting, and subsisting. Criminals, Rogues, and vaga-24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, ac- bonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof; cording to their present Establishment; and for their without any Amendment: Andallo,

Reduction: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Numbers, and to repeal an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Dmna*e.BjJl.

Aberdeen Bride well Bill.

Number*, Uc. " Amount of the Ellimates of Army Services for One Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third*

intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds " and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships* " and Places, of Keyingham, Keyingham , *

" and Camerton, Bttrjlwick, and , Burton

" sea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Ovfwick, " Roofs, Tunfall, Waxhoime, , Lelley,

" Humbleton, Filling, Hilfone, Garton,

" and within the Seigniory of Holderness, in

" the East Riding of the County of Yorkand to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, re-

And also,

Appendix

(No. 67.)

The Lords have agrted to

Parish Apprentices Bill.

Month, from the 25th May 1802/

And the Titles of the said Ellimates and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Ellimates arc inferred in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Mcflage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Sir William Weller Pepss:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices, and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the

Port of London

lpcdlively; without any Amendment:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ma"n'ns for<l

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Inc ofuie Ball»

Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down,

Reign of His present Majesty, to the binding of Ap- and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground,

prentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for within the Manor of Manningford, otherwise Mattning-

the Poor, which have been authorized lb to do by sub- ford Bohun, in the Parish of in the County of

sequent Acts; without any Amendment: Andallo, Wilts-, without any Amendment: Andallo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WestHorfler

- - — u- r>„„,---- IndofureBUl.

Improvement to auth°r*zc {be Advancement of further Sums of Money for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common.

Bill.

Kilmarnock Streets and Bridges, See. BUI.

Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of Wef Horsey, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* veiling the settled Estate of Richard Chapman, Gentle- h*vePafled man, and Ann his Wife, in the County of Somerset, in EtoteBUl! Tru flees, to be exchanged for an unlettled Estate in the same County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Pritzler, Secre- Ritnfgate

— - 0 - - ... Harbour

out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of llis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and " for better regulating, the Port of London," were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council affetnhled; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock, and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some _ ttaroour

of the Streets, Lanes, and l'aftages, within the said Town; tary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended at Account, for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kil- the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presented.

VOL,. 57. tO

A. 1802.

Bill to amend for t»reventin£ expence in

h lection?, jwiled*

A^eonntf relative to Public Expenditure, presented.

1

408 5* Mail.

to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ramsgate Harbour Trust Account, from the 24th June 1800 to the 24th June 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to amend, and render more effectual, io much of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and " Expence in Elections of Members to l'erve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Persons offending against the same from serving in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, lb much of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the disabling of Perfor.s offending against the same from serving in Parliament.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pur-spant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " I lonourable House of Commons, dated the 18th Day " of February 1802, for an Account, shewing how the " Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th January 1801, together with the " Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the " 5th January 1802, and the Monies paid out of the " Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the " Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills " issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, have " been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount " of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service: " — ift, The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums " applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the " same Purpose, and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — 2d, The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — " 3d, The Civil List; — 4th, The other Charges on the " Consolidated Fund, specifying the Amount of those " incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties; — 5th, The Civil "Government of Scotland; — 6th, The other Payments

" in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, specifying " the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, " and Militia and Deserters Warrants; — 7th, The Navy, " specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid " for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay " Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and " Pensions; for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, " Pilotage and Contingencies, for the Marines, for the * Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded; for Tran Iports, and for Prisoners of War in Health; — 8th, i'he Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for " Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — 9th, The " Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on " Account of the Ordinary' Services, videlicet, for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; " for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Che/fea " Hol'pital; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; specifying also, the Amount " of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the "Army, and the principal Articles thereof; — 10th,

" Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries,

" specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively; — 11th, Mifeellaneous Services, specifying the " Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and " Abroad respectively; — -And, lastly, specifying the " Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public " Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Great Britain, from those which belong to it with —

inclosing,

Appendix (A. 1.) An Account of the Monies paid out of the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Year ended 5th January 1802, towards satisfying the Charges of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, Ireland, and Imperial Annuities.

Appendix (A. 2.) An Account of the Total Amount of the Sums actually received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Year ending 5th January 1802: Appendix (B.) An Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills, from the 5th of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (C.) An Account of the Charges upon the Consolidated Fund in the Year 1801, exclusive of the Interest of the Public Debt:

Appendix (D.) Charge on the Civil List of Scotland for One Year, from ift January 1801 to ift January 1802:

Appendix (E. 1.) An Account of the Amount of Bounties paid in England and Scotland out of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of being Payments, in the Nature of Anticipations, of Exchequer Receipt:

Appendix (E. 2.) An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the fame, during the Year ending 5th January 1802, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied, (b far as regards the Receipt of Excise in England, and can be ascertained at the Excise Office:

Appendix (E. 3.) An Account of Pensions and . Parliamentary Grants for the Year ended 5th January 1802:

Appendix (E. 4.) An Account of Sums paid by Receivers General of the Land Tax to the Militia, and for Deserters Warrants:

Appendix (F.) An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies received from His Majesty's Exchequer lor Naval Services, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing the Services to which the same have been applied:

Appendix (G.) An Account of Monies paid by the Office of Ordnance in the Year 1801, for Services at Home and Abroad respectively: Appendix (H.) An Account of Monies paid by the Right honourable the Paymasters General of 11 is Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1800 to the 24th of Dec 1801: Appendix (I.) An Account of Loans, Remittances, and Advances, to other Countries, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively: Appendix (K.) An Account, shewing how the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the lame, during the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1802, have been actually applied, as far as relates to Mifcel-

laneous

42 Geo. III.

' o

Mail.

409

lancous Services; specifying the Amount of "Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Accounts were read

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruicd by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper and Accoun's be printed, as il.all be fulFicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The fiid Appendixes are preserved amongst the Appendix, other Papers of this Session; and the said Paper

(No 68,) i*5 inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Copies^of cer- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

QinTieatits. His Majesty, th it He will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty of Badajos, referred to in the 7th Article of toe D lirmive Treaty of Reace, as forming a P?rt of the Prouiioiis of the find Article.

R*foKved % That an humble Address bS presented to His Mai:ity, that lie will be graciously pkafed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Ticare of Peace concluded between France and Portugal in the C auric of the Year 1801.

Or dic'd, i hat the said AddrefTos be presented to His Majesty by such Members of thE House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Motion fot* A Motion was made, and the Qu eft ion being pur, c'py'of *or That an I'.umble Address be presented to His Majesty,

Treaty be- that He will lie graciously pl'afed to give Directions,

ind*Sp2in'nte ^'cre 1‘YkI before this House, a Copy of any

(Ncg.) Treaty between France and which has been communicated to His Majesty's Government at any Time since the Commencement of the Negociation which led to the Signature of the late Preliminary Articles of Peace, by which any Part of the Dominions in America has been ceded to France; together with the Date of such Communication;

It pallid in the Negative.

ConMmtion The I Mull was moved, That the Order, rhade upon Trray'of'C Monday hi!, for taking into Consideration, upon Ptrur, dc- next, the Definitive Treaty of Peace between 11 is Britan-fcircd. ff/VM.ii«.llv and the Freni: Republic, his Catholic Ma-

jessy, the BatavianRepublic, signed at the 27th

D r. a\ A larch il»oi, might be read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Refxvel, That this House will take the said Treaty into Coiiiidciation upon this Day Scvennight.

c.jiinm Tsuiul The Order of the Day being retd, for the Second Ptodir.g of the Dili for making, amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Louden Turnpike Road, in the Pat ilh of CvAnam, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Parities of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the land of the Lane leading from Ajion Timid into the Turnpike Road near the Village of Strcatley, in the said County 'A Berks, and for erect in? a Bridge across the

; O O

River Tli,u;es or IJis, at or near CuBunn IVliarj, in the said Parish of Cidhvn, to the oppolife Shore in the Parish of Su!!on Courtney, in the said County of Berks \

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

O-cners Fc?s The Order of the Day being read, for the House to cktmed. refo;V0 Rillf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Oihce;

Vol. SI-

T

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House BiUrripefting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Cottonand to consider further of the Bill for the Preservation of the 9'her Faao-Healtli and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for for-Rending of the Bill for the further Regulation of the tionofSe*" Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members Trials of to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceed- Ekaions"^ ings relating thereto, be now read. committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was re.id a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill for fct-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Afinuity of Dukes of Twelve Thou land Pound? on His Royal Highness the Suffexand Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand J^ned. Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge; during His Majesty's PLafufe, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grofled.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, Bull-baiting

a Bill for preventing the Practice of Bull-baiting and 1,pre.ect* Bull-running: And the same was received; and read the Fi 1 ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th Year of fional Cavalry, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to deferred.

" repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirtyl'eventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His " prellnt Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry;

" and for making further Provision respecting such Part of " the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now " adrually called out and embodied," as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Militia Pay resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon BlU» deterred, the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, lor the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

5 M Resolved,

4io

6° Man.

A. 1802.

Militia Officer* Al-B-w.imrs Hill» deterred.

Wiys and NV:tns, citu-i icd.

Supply, tie i fired*

I:ilfi Mariners Bill, deferred.

Scotch Militia Bill, deferred*

Reflved, That thi> House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cates, to Subaltern Otiicevs of the Militia, during Peace.

Rcjohcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rfohed, That tl iis House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of b'iJJt Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

Rifjived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raile and citablish a Militia Force in Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 6° die Mail;

Anno 42* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

11 a'amre Bill O B Martin BrowneFollies reported from the Comforted. ' ' mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclcling, the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of H, in the County of folk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tire House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessfed to the Poors Rate at £. 41 per dunum, who refuted to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates allefled at 98. ion per , who were

neuter; and that the \V hole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is allefled to the Poors Rate at jf.694. 10 s.per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to onpole the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question tlverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

o

Aflihurtnn Sir Lr.zircr.ce Pa!k presented to the House, according Bill, to Order, a Hill for continuing the derm, and altering rrckntt and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed rejecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, and the Town of AVu\'o;i Ei./7iel/y in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time. hived. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ec- Mr. Jodre/1 reported from the Committee, to whom Amv-xlr ^1C 'ntft°lR'd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for aila'p-iiicif ' veiling the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively deviled, in ftiict Settlement, by the Will of John Lefcvre, Esquire, decealbd, in Charles Lefevre,

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the hid Bill was read the Third Time.

-Refohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, rHiat Mr. Jodrell do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, ac- Uphaven in*

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- cioiurc Bill, doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- p dows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First:

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom whateote in- the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- *' tures. Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of,

in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, styrriTi^our-and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pal- coats, &c. tures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the inclosure Bill, Open and Uninclosed I-ands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, O/dcoats, and Far-worth, and so much of Pi cm cr as is within the Liberty of trap aforesaid, in the Parishes of B/yth and ,or One of

them, in the County of Nottingham, is committed.

1/Ord Granville LcvefonGower presented to the I louse, Uttoxeter an4 according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and Ro"lsBin, altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed p.-eifcnted. in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 1 bill Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of to

the Town of NewcaftA'-under-Lyme, and from C'ifc Rank

to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to llem Heath,

all in the County of Stafford: And the same was re- -ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ChapirnMi for veiling the settled Ellate of Richard Chapman, Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of in Trustees,

42 Geo. III.

411

Trufi.ee-, to be exchanged for an unfit tied Estate in the same County, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Instruction relative to

Field Crops, &c. Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of 1J is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the ftwentythird Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, " as relates to the preventing the ffealing or destroying " of Turnips, and for the more effectually preventing " the ficaling or defirovitig of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards, That they do make Pro^ vision in the said Bill for amending the said Act.

Culham Road ind Bridge Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making, amending, w idening, and keeping in Repair, the Hoad leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Pa 1.11; ot in the County of Oxford, to and through the Pantiles of Dudccteand Hagbcrne, in the County of Berks, and from

thence to the End of the Lane leading from Ajion into the Turnpike Road near the \ iiiage ot in

the said County of Berks-, and for crofting a Bridge acrois the River Thames or l/ts, at or near in the said Parish of Culkam, to the oppolhe Shore in the Parish o( Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks, be

nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Qucfiion being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The 1 hnite divided.

The Noes went forth.

.. ,. - (Mr. George d

1 clicri lor the ' ca"'{ M r. Me of Abingdon53-

n c (Sir ilil'uwi Grotty

1 dlers for the Aocs,< A , --

( Air.

49.

jo nit I'tine:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed that the several Per-P>ns, \vh,o petition d lins ] Ioule upon the 19th Day of March latt, and YcfLrday, praying to be heard by them- elves, their Counsel, or Agent-, a gain ft the said Bill, declined being heard upon the Second Beading of the said Bill;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Qucllion being put. That the Bill be committed;

The I fouie di\ ided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Mr< George 1 eikrs for the 1 eas^ M f Met case, of (

c. . - (Sir William Scott, )

1 filers for the Noes,|Mr }

52-

40.

So it wras resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Vanfillart, Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for set-Rending of the Bill (now ingrotfed) for enabling 11 is tie, o,ftheU1* Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Cukes of Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and Cambridge* a like Annuity, of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His paired.

Royal I lighncls the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Sufex, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Kn^lirtt further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the w'holc House, to whom the Bill for amending the at err Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tin flay Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill relative to resolve itself into a Committee of the whoic House, repairing of upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Haws Bridges, relative to the building and repining of County Bridges, deferred, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee Estimate of appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors &c.Jof YtiVitia, of the Militia, distqibodied in pursuance of an Act of reported, the 39th and 40th Years of llispreftnt Majesty's Reign;

That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, of the Militia, dhembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of 1 lis present Majesty's Reign.

The Number of Militia Corps either totally reduced, or in which a Reduction has taken place, amounts to 36. — The Number of Adjutants and Serjeant Majors necessary to provide ior, estimated at tire Rate of £$4. 15-f- for each Adjutant, and 24. ijr. for each Serjeant Major; the Expence of the Whole for the Year 1S02, will be -

£. s. d.

4,452 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Accounts of

Unfunded De bt, &c. presented.

lr.Nicholas Fanfittartpresented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Vol. 57.

An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1802, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the lame; distinguishing

under

ApfenJix 9

(No-69.)

l. lh Mariners dtfcncd*

Account of i cri itorial Revenue*, &c. ct Malta, ordered.

Motion for Copy of Treaty of Luneville. (NcS.)

under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands coniilled; and also, what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner-, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for; — inclosing,

Appendix (A.) Ah Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, outstanding on the 5th Day of January 1802:

Appendix (B. 1.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain and the Demands outstanding on the jth of 1802, under

the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, &c.; distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts and Demands con-lifted; and also, what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was then unprovided for, so far as relates to the Treasury: Appendix (B. 2.) Account of Sums unsatisfied on the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (C.) An Account of the Demands for Army Services outstanding on the 25th of December 1801, which have been provided for by several Grants of Parliament; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consisted: Appendix (D.) An Account of the outstanding Demands of the Barrack Department on the 31 ft of December 1801:

Appendix (E.) An Account of Demands on the Ordnance, outstanding on the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands consistj-and also, what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for:

Appendix (F.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt of His Majesty's Navy, and the Demands outstanding on the 31st of December 1801, distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist:

Appendix (G.) An Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January 1802; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

And the 'Pities of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Replied, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Territorial Revenues, and Commercial Duties, raised or collected within the Island of Malta, from the Date of the Surrender of the Island to His Majesty's Arms; distinguished into Annual Accounts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Add re Is be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gtaciously pleased to give Directions,

that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty ot Peace concluded at Luneville between and France;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Motion far there be laid before this House, a Copy of the l^awsand Statutes of the Order of Malta, referred to in the 10th (Neg.)

and 1 ith Sections of the 10th Article of the Definitive Treaty, and guaranteed by this Country;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second irith Court* Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Ma- Blll» def*rred-jesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so itiuch of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21st arid 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for enlarging the " Time for Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City ana County " of Dublin, and for making the Process of the Court of " Exchequer more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Turf day Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Poor Relief further Consideration the Report from the Committee Bill> drferre^ of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually distinguishing arid relieving of Industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instarit May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Debtor*Relief further Consideration the Report from the Committee re_co^jtted> of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief " of Debtors with respeil to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in'Execution in Pril'on beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are pientioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the lb-id Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the fr.i.i Com- Conferred, mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Viscount Folkestonetook the Chair of trie Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Viscount Folk for,.reported from the Committee,

Tl'.at they had gon, ti.rough the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Lord

42 Geo. III.

6° M.

4*3

Reported.

m

Lord Viscount Folkestone accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Tomorrow Morning. Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Tented.

... the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and s^ra/def^m allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

B11 to enable Mariners and Soldiers to excrctie Trades, ordered.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fen-

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, accord- Irish indenting to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to I^aw: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent be added to the Gentle- Memberaddod

cible Men, since the Second Year of His present men, who are appointed to prepare, and britig in, a Bill,

" Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, the Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Most noble laclosure Bill Charles Duke of Norfolk, the Most honourable 'Thomas Marquis of Bath, and the Right honourable George Capel Coningefby Earl of Essex; and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford.

Mr. Sarrentpresented to the House, according to Bill prefeh ted.

So Faving Harbour Bill, deferred.

L-ord Glenbervie, Mr. Steele, Mr. Markham, and Mr.

William Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of Kdng the

Second, intituled, "An Act for cleanffng the Ports,

Common Fields and Common Meadows in the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Committee od Atts relative to the National

Harbours, and Rivers, of the City of Cork, and of the consider further of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 32d Debt, defer-

Towns of Galway , Sligo, and Bc/fji, and for erecting a Ballast Office in each of the said Cities " and each of the said Towns," as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town ft Sligo; and for repealing an Act,

made in the 40th Year of the Ueign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleanffng, " lighting, and improving, the Streets, Quays, Lanes, " and

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; relative to the Reduction of the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sligo;

Bttltion of l>r. Jenner,

fora Reward for his Discovery of the Vacc ine I no* ciil it ion, repotted.

Bill for regulating the

Drawback on

Pafi'igcs, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of lor establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, " and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof ;" and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, cleanffng, and improving, of the said Town of Sligo; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rankes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Joiner, Doctor of Physic, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, made Vol. 57.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill respecting. the Linen Manufactura of Ireland, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee rai resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Aarefpofting' consider of lb much of an Act, made in the 39th Year cavalry, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ferred.

" Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the " Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Fore©

" of Cavalry; and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied," a» relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers 'General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn5

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee o Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for de- Pay fraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

5 N Amendments,

4X4

6° — 7° #a/V.

A. 1802.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him imported into, and exported from,; and

to report, when the House will please to receive the on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards

Committee on

Militu Often Allowances Bill.

Answer to Adiirellet.

Norwich Poor Bill, reported.

fume.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for mak- without any Amendment: And also,

or Inwards in any Port of Great , to or from

Foreign Parts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act French Wine* for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Bl11-Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions;

ing Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Restriction ft"iaions*on*" imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament Payment* in on the Bank of England frojn issuing Calli in Payments Btnk*oftlre-shall ccafe, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland land, in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions That they had gone through the Bill, and made several on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland; without Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him any_Amendment: And also.

Scotch Militia Bill, deferred.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords veiling the settled Estates of George , Esquire, hfve p4®;*1

in Pont Island, otherwise Pout Ealand, in the County of EfatisBili. Northumberland, and IVinlaton, in the county of,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arile by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the

resolve itliif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Debts and Legacies of John Silva-top, Esquire, deceased; ,r ‘ -c — L-1- lI — and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish

Chufch of B)well Saint Peter, in the said County of , held by a Lcale for Twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John;

and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts' or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of , in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John , mollly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds; and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for veiling his Estate in

LORD Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, Minster Acres, in the said County of Northumberland, *n That their Addresses of Wednesday last (that His Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the lad Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of that the several Treaties therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Vienerisy Matt;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

r tie Lordi have agreed to

Bill for granting Duties oil Import! and La ports.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Henley Bridge whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering wd Cuiham and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Bill, reported.

Mr. Frere reported from the Committee, to whom 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, King George the Second, and in the 21st Year of the made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Work- certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate " house in the City and County of the City of Norwich, to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of " for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor Oxford, to Dorchester; and from thence to

" there," so far as the same relates to the erecting a Bridge, and a Place called Stone, in the Road lead-new Workhouse within the said City and County, for ing to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was com-the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- and Burgesses, of the Borough of Abingdon, in the gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; County of Berks-, and also, the Petition of the there-and that tire Committee had gone through the Bill, and under signed Persons, Inhabitants of the Town of made several Amendments thereunto, which they had don, and Villages in the Neighbourhood thereof, in the directed him to report to the 1 louie; and he read the Counties of Berks and Oxford, were severally referred;

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, That the Committee had considered the said Petitions;

and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho'ford and Sir

William IVeiler Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods 9

42 Geo. lit. -f Mail. 415

Whatcote , An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fctving Lands: And therefore praying. That Leave may

lndoiure Bill, tpe open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and

Common Pastures, Commons, Wade, and other Com- inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and monable Lands, within the said Parish of by

Parish of What cote, in the County of Warwick, was read such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, a6 to the

' the Third Time. House (hallTeem meet.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall mon Pastures, Commons, Wade, and other Common- appear to the n, to the Houset

able Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish And it is referred to Mr. Mr. *

of Whatcote, in the County of Warwick. cedes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning*

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Klvmr^'s

Bui,

ud.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Halvergate for veiling the settled Estates of George Silver top, Esquire, the Commons, Fens* and Waste Grounds, within the ^^farcB"

in Pont Island, otherwise Pont in the County of

Northumberland, and Winlaton, in the County of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Sihertop, Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory' and Tythes of the Parish Church of Bvwe/lSai.it Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, he'd by a I.case for Twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwe/l, and the Parish of Ryton, in the said

County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said

Parish of Halvergate, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act; for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Broibne Fo/kes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilbeiforce presented to the House, according to ^Marton*5*1 Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the incUfure Bill, Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Present0<1, other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within

John Silvertop, mostiy held by the' like Tenure; and for the several Townships or Hamlets of and Afar-

enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Si m of Five Thousand Pounds; and to authorize the Executors of the said to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for vetting his Estate in Minster Acres, in the frul County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Lies, and to the Uses of the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Alnfton and Lord George AuguJIus Henry presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes or Townships of Alvajlor.and Boulton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cliellafton

lfcoulton

Incloiuir Bill, presented.

Lord George AuguJIus Henry Cavendish presented to InCfent^d.Bl11, the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Chcllafton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition Tefj*# ing-Notices for Oidton

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Wcf.morland % and ti e humble Petition of Sir Henry liri!sent Knight, Ovners ard Proprietors of Estates in the Purifn or Crofton, in the Well hiding of the County of 1 VL was prdentrd to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave grunted by the Hou fe, on the ift Day of April iaft, Notices were given on the Door of the Parish Church of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York, on Three Sundays' in the said Month of April, of an Application having been m ade to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incioling, the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, in such and the like Manner as such Notices, are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the

ton, and within the Manor of Sewerby-cum-Marton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, acdording to FHxtori Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Canyr Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, withirf the.

Township of Flixton, otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Shaw Lefevrereported from the Committee, to- pe"t°n.

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the *

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, l ands, Commons,

MarIh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that . the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hiifi to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

itigrolled.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Grffeeley and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Grave ley, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw

House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, and pre- , Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to

Vol. 57. meet

416 7 M. 1802.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wigtown Mr. William Stewart reported from the Committee,

Roads Bill, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, pafl'ed in the

rtportt . 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" Aji Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown;" and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of by Newton Douglass, Glenluce, and , to Port

and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Cairn of Lockryan; and for ievying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Gascoyne presented to the House, according Liverpool to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term, and to amend, Ro*dsBilL alter, and vary, the Powers, of an Act, pafl'ed in the presented. 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and alter and " enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year " of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to " Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein-

mentioned, in the County Palatine of ;" and

to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling certain Persons in the Town of Liverpool Liverpool', in the County Palatine of to erect Exgi"ge

an Exchange there for the Accommodation of them- committed, selves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Gascoyne, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Blrbury and Sir George Augustus William Evelyn re-

Mirton ported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for directed! ' viding, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of and

Marton, in the County of , was committed;

and to whom the Petition of Thomas Bayes of Stockton, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 65 Acres of Land intended to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 55 Acres, who was neuter; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 1,605 Acres or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hinxworth A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

committed *1, an<^ Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and oHmu . of|lcr Commonable I^ands, in the Parish of

in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plnmer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Luft/ingtonpresented to the House, according to

Coal Market Order, a Bill for establishing a free Market in the City Bill, Gf London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing U1 Frauds and Impositions in the Vend of ail Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Justices of the Petition from Peace, and Capital Burgesses, of the Town or Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names Bulf-baiting are thereunto subscribed: And allb. Bill.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for preventing the Practice of Bull-baiting and Bull-running: And praying. That the same may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Quantity of Timber and Plank used in His Majesty's Navy, from the ift of January 1780 to ordered.' the latest Period the same can be made up; distinguishing each Species, and the British from the Foreign and American; as also each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock of Timber that would be de-. lirable or necessary to be kept in the respective Yards, for the effectual and constant Repairs, re-building, and keeping up the Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all the English b\A\t Ships in the Service of the Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies on the 1 ft of January 1801; specifying the Names and actual Tonnage of each, and the Years in which they were respectively built.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Ships and Vessels, not British-built, in the Sendee of the Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies on the 1 ft of January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Contraft Prices for Timber and Plank paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, since the Year 1770, to the latest Period the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Oak Plank and Oak Timber imported into England, for Twenty-five Years

last

Accounts rciptfting Ireland, presented:

Funded Debt.

Unfunded

Debt.

*(No. 6 j.)

t(No. 70.)

Accounts of Arrears and Balances of Distributors of Stamps, presented.

Petition of the Earl of Abergavenny &c. again it, Monmouth-shire Canal Navigation

BiiL

't

42 Geo. lit.

7 0 Mali.

4x7

laftpaft; distinguishing the Places-from whence imported, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Duties now payable at Importation on Oak Plank and Oak Timber.

The House being informed that Mr. Chief

Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Public Funded of Ireland, as the same flood on the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Years in which each Part thereof was created; distinguishing also, the different Funds in which it is inverted; the Amount of the Capital Stock of each Fund; the Annual Interest and Annuities; and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin rel'pec-tively; the Charge of Management; and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt: And also,

An Account of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands outrtanding on 5th January 1802, under the Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Prizes; distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand tonfifled, and also what Part of the said Debt and De-hiand was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The First Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume*; — the other Account is also inserted in the Appendix f.

The House being informed that Mr. Stedman (from the Commissioners lor managing the Duties arising by Stamps) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Dillributors of Stamps in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Dillributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Dillributors of Stamps in Great Britain on the 10th Day of October 1801, and on the 5th Day of January 1802, respectively; distinguishing the Names of the Dillributors, and for what Counties; and the Amount of their reipeclive Disbursements for Incidents, Poundage, Parliamentary Allowances, or Discounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

O, dered. That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Bight honourable Henry Nevill Farl of Abergavenny, and the humble Petition of Thomas

Hill, of Dennis, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and

Joseph llarrifon, of Nanty Glo, in the County of Mon-

mouth, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the meuthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Com-

Vol. 57.

pany of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the 32d and 37th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto; and Setting forth. That the said Earl of Abergavenny is the Owner of a large Tract of Land, abounding with Minerals of Iron and Coal, at and adjoining to Nanty Glo aforesaid, and the said Thomas Hill and Joseph Harrison are the Lessees of the said Premises for a long Term of Years, and they, as well as the former Lessees thereof (whose Interest in the Premises was some Time since purchased by the Petitioner Thomas Hill) have expended very large Sums of Money in erecting Furnaces, Engines, and other Buildings, driving Levels, and making other Works and Conveniencies for working the said Mines, upon the Faith and Assurance that the Provisions and Directions contained in the said Acts, for making a Rail or Waggon Way from near Aberbeeg to Nanty Glo aforesaid, would have beeWduly executed and performed; and the said Lessees were also induced to become Subscribers to the said Undertaking, to a very considerable Amount, for the Purpose of obtaining such Rail or Waggon Way; and that, although the several Sums, authorized to be raised by the said Acts, have been raised by the said Company of Proprietors, no Part of the said Rail or Waggon Way has been made, but the said Sum, specifically set apart and appropriated for that Purpose, ^has been applied, contrary to the expsefs Stipulations and Directions of the said last mentioned Act, to other Uses and Purports; and the said Company of Proprietors now propose to engage in other expensive Works, without completing their original Undertaking, to the great Damage and Injury of the Petitioners; and that the said Bill also contains divers Allegations, Clauses,

Powers, and Provisions, highly injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard by their Counsel or Agents, against the Allegations, Clauses/ and Provisions, of the said Bill, and that the same may be amended and altered, and that effectual Security may be made by the said Bill, that the Sum before appropriated to the making of the said Rail pr Waggon Way, from near Aberbeeg to Nanty G/o aforesaid, shall be applied out of the first Monies to be raised, by virtue of the said Bill, for that specific Use and Purpose; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr.Wefiern presented to the House, according to Field Crops, Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made presented. in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of an Act,

" made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second, as relates to the preventing " the Healing or dellroying of Turnips, and for the " more effectually preventing the Healing or dellroying " of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and " Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

5 O A Message

by

Ror-il Ailcat :o BJU.

418

Mail

A. 1802.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do deli re the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers. 1 And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke

of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord ArChbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Great Britain-, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts:

An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Rellrirtions:

An Act to continue, until Three Months after any RellriAion imposed by any Art of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payments shall cease, an Art, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Rellrirtions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland: An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Arts:

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which, by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London," were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled:

An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock, and County of Ayr; for altering and widening l'ome of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock; for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the said Town, and building new one, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town, and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nui-l'ances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town, over . certain adiacent Lands:

An Act for building and maintaining a House of'

Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting. Criminals,

Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof: *

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining the Low Grounds and " Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and " Places, of Keyingham, Kcyingham and

" Camerton, Burjlwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea and " Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, O Roofs, Rims-

" well, Tunstall, Waxholme, Elfiernwick, Lelley, Humble-

" ton. Filling, Hilston, Garton, Albrough, and

" Tanjierne, within the Seigniory of and East

" Riding of the County of York "and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, or Parcel or Member of, the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them, respectively:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor , in the County of Carnarvon, to, or near to, Pentre , in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in tl\e County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's Castle Dozen, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne to Bear Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road;

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Williams, Esquire, devised by the Will of Peckham Williams,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon:

An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an Undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments in the same County, respectively deviled, in strict Settlement, by the Will of John Lefevre, Esquire, deceased, in Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, and his Heirs; and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-' ments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses:

An Act to enable the Rertor of the Parish and Parish Church of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rertory: , .

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of Horsley, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manningford, otherwise Manningford Bohun, in the Parish of Wilsford, in

the County of Wilts:

An Act for naturalizing James Louis Du Mont.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance -Address to His Majesty, Eitunate,

Etlimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for enu the Month of June 1802.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. -ApftiJix, The laid Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to (No. 71.) this Volume,

The

42 Geo. III. 7® Maii.

419

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. (from

Ac'" wanted ^ie Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by 'p ' Stamps) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pro fen tod to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from Stamps in England, in the Year ending 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment; together with the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and of the Remittances and Payments thereout, between the 5th Day of January

1801 and the 5th Day of 1802; distinguishing

each Duty, and each Head of Payment; together with the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the f rli Day of January 1801, and the 5th Day of January

1802; distingtiUhing the Town from the Country; and also distinguishing Scotland: And also.

An Account of the several Sums of Money paid in the Year ending 5th January 1802, into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Distributor of Stamps in Scotland; distinguishing each Duty: And also. An A ceount of the Cash received, and paid, on Account of the Englishand Irish Lotteries, between January 5th 1801 and January 5th 1802; with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties at each of the said Periods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles, of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by tire Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords A MclTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Sir lave agreed William Weller Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Suirir, See.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One Law?)"8 thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting Briti/k Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A<fl for

ha*e passed veiling the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston,

Hamilton's Williamston, Barnclnt/i, , Birdsfield, Bellsfield, and EJLiteSyde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of,

and others, Tcinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton, of Pencaind, Esquire, upon the Thirty-

first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, and invert. the Money anting by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this 1 ioufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Motion for an A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Add£ls tt P°led, That an humble Address be presented to His Removal of Majesty, expressing the Thanks of this House to His Mr. Pitt. Majesty, for having been pleased to remove the Right honourable William Pitt from His Councils;

VOL.57.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " That " to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words:

" it is the Opinion of this House, that, by the Wisdom,

Energy, and Firmness, of His Majesty's Councils,

during the late arduous Contest, supported by the " unparallelled Exertions of our Fleets and Armies, and " by the Magnanimity and Fortitude of the People,

" the Honour of this Country has been upheld, its " Strength united and consolidated, its Credit and " Commerce maintained and extended, and our invaluable Constitution preserved against the Attacks of " Foreign and Domestic Enemies," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro-poled to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed. That the Words,

" it is the Opinion of this House, that, by the Wisdom,

" Energy, and Firmness, of His Majesty's Councils,

" during the late arduous Contest, supported by the " unparallelled Exertions of our Fleets and Armies, and " by the Magnanimity and Fortitude of the People,

" the Honour of this Country has been upheld, its " Strength united and consolidated, its Credit and " Commerce maintained and extended, and our invaluable Constitution preserved against the Attacks of " Foreign and Domestic Enemies," be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof these Words: " That the Right honourable William " Pitt has rendered great and important Services to his , " Country, and deserves the Gratitude of this House."

And the Question being put. That those Words bd there added;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. {$£ Jmts. } 5*.

Tellers for the Noes, {$;: j 224.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That after the Word That," in the original Question, the Words " it is

the Opinion of this House, that, by the Wisdom, " Energy', and Firmness, of His Majesty's Councils, " during the late arduous Contest, supported by the " unparallelled Exertions of our Fleets and Armies, and " by the Magnanimity and Fortitude of the People, the Honour of this Country has been upheld, its Strength united and consolidated, its Credit and " Commerce maintained and extended, and our inviluable Constitution preserved against the Attacks of " Foreign and Domestic Enemies," be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas <L.0rd Viscount

tellers for the 1 eas, ^Mf Sargm[ . y 222'

Tellers for the Noes ?Mr- Wi \

tellers ior me rsoes, ^ry[r Qrey . y 52-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That, by the Wisdom, Energy, and Firmness, of His Majesty's Councils, during the late arduous Contest, supported by the unparallelled Exertions of our Fleets and Armies, and by the Magnanimity and Fortitude of the People, the Honour of this Country has been upheld, its Strength united and consolidated, its Credit and Commerce maintained and extended, and our invaluable Constitution preserved against the Attacks of Foreign and Domestic Enemies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-'posed, That the Right honourable William Pitt has rendered great and important Services to his. Country, and especially deserves the Gratitude of this House;

An

Resolution, approving of His Majesty's Councils during the late Contest.

Resolution, approving tfcuft Services of Mr. Pitt.

A. 1802*

420 7° — 10° Mail

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt, the Names of the Right honourable I xml Grenville, the Right honourable Earl Spencer, the Right honourable the Right

honourable William Windham, and the Right honourable

the Earl of Ro/slyn.

And the Question being put. That those Names be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inllrting after the Word " Country " the W ords " by which the present Government has " been enabled to conclude a fate, honourable, and " glorious Peace."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

Ir passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Right honourable W i/iiamPitt has rendered great and important Services to his Country, and especially deserves the Gratitude of this lloufe;

The I Joule divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fSir Henry Paulet JobPk

Tellers for the Yeas, \ M>211.

(Mr. Caj

Tellers for the Now, gfc . } S'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Irith Elections Bill, deterred*

LlettionOjtbs Bill, deferred.

Ways anti Means, dc serial.

.v.

ImIi NT trinf n B..1, ddcricd.

Bdl for rr<ru» I‘ting tlS blJHbatk Oil *

ported j, ora

Ireland, J: set red

Tull, Iiuicii*-

r*ty Hi!!, d-terred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, to much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Light hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the " Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain " Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken " and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election " of Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rafting the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, nloKe itself into a Committee of the whole I louie, to consider further of the Supply granted to Mis Majest).

Refereed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louie, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the fall Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from;

and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed in behind, be read a Second Time upon Monday . Morning next.

Urdu ed, That the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qual'ty themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Six of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce^ 10° Maii;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Pray e rs.

MR. Fyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of " cholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the " River Ancholmenavigable from the River Humber, at

" or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Briggs; and for

" continuing the said Navigation up or near to the " said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said " County of LincolnAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 1 7th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, parted reipeding several Roads near the Borough of and the

Town of Newton Bufbell, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lawrence Palk, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock} in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Bill respc£hn§ the Linen Manuiatture of Ireland, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

Militia Officers Allowances Bills deferred-

Scotch Militia Bill, deterred.

Ancholme Drainage and Navigation Bill,

presented.

Itcl.in Navigation recommitted Bill, reported.

Affiburton Roads Bill, committed.

42'Geo<I1L io* Main 421

ICennmgton A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and Inclosure Bill, inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Com-comnutte ' mon Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kenning ton, in the Parishes of and

in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. Charles &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mvcft challow A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

committed*Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letccmbe Regis,

in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon, Mr. Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate - Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the l^ord High Chancellor, the Earl of Rofslyn, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission,

did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth;

An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting BritishiPlantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

Hamond's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trul-toes, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale In the Purchas'e of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Dickins, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Norwich Poor An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers

Bill, paired. of an Act, made in the ioth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City " of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there," lb far as the same relates to Vol. 57.

the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering arid enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City " of Norwich, for the better Employrnent and main-" taining the Poor there," lb far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County* for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Mickleton whom the Bill for dividing, allotting* and inclosing, *

the Moor or Common* Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Reginald Bligh, Clerk, was. referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.21. 12 s.6 d.per Annum, who refused to

sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 30. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at £.490. $s. per Annum)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Shjrijngton^ Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the incloibreBijl, Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and presented. other Commdnable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitling/onarid Holwell, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom Great staugh-the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road to^i°a<ls leading from the South End of Brown's Lane, in the reported. Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of -don, in the County of Buckingham, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

5 P Mr.

A. 1802*

Boston Briri^c and li.ud, \c. rr-c^mnmttit

reported.

V-r'ion of M*\ Wynne,

T* \*ti .*? to >. /o P ving ini H.irbour Bid. re pojt* *1.

io° Mail

Mr. Eilifonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, of the Borough of

Boson, in the County of L was referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that jpis not intended to proceed upon any Part of the Petition but what relates to the taking down of the present Bridge and the erecting of a new one instead thereof, with proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and, had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hopkiufon, being examined, said, That the

Bridge over the River Wit ham, in the Borough of , in the County of Lincoln, is much too narrow, and, at present, in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and is become inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers. Carriages, and Cattle passing the fame; and therefore it is necessary to take down and re-build the fame, and also to widen, raile, and render more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, or Ways, leading or near thereto, and to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings for that Purpose; that the Situation of the present Bridge is very inconvenient and incommodious, and therefore it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Borough, if the intended Bridge was made and erected in a more proper and convenient Situation, very near the present Bridge; and in such Cale it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings. — And the Witness further said. That the Gaol and House of Correction of the said Borough, is at present in a very decayed and ruinous State, and, by reason of the confined Situation thereof, and for want of a free Circulation of Air, the same is become very unhealthy, and dangerous to the Lives of the Persons confined therein; and it is highly necessary that the said Gaol and House of Correction should be enlarged, and a proper and suitable Prison Yard added thereto; and for that Purpose it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and Buildings.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council-men, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River , in the said Borough; and to creCl a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough; and to open, and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid: And that Mr. Eilifon, Mr. and Sir Gilbert

Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Elf or d reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Owen Wynne, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, together with a Resolution thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's 'Table: Where the Report was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the find Petition, the Sligo Journal and General Ad printed by John Gray, dated Friday, September the 18th, Friday, September the 25th, and TucJJay, September the 29th 1801, containing Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act for paving the

Town of Sligo, were produced to the Committee; and,

upon Inspection of the said Papers', it appeared to the Committee, that the One dared the 29th of Sep-

tember, contained various Articles of News which had been inserted in the Paper of the preceding Friday, but without any Advertisement upon which Duty is paid, except that of the Notice for the said Bill; and it also appeared to the Committee, that the said Paper of Tuesday the 29th of September bears the same Number of Publication with that of the Newspaper of Friday the 25th of September.

The Committee then called several Witnesses, to ascertain upon what Days, and how' often, any Newspaper is published at Sligo; the Evidence whereupon the Committee have annexed to their Report.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allegations contained in the Petition of Ozven Wynne, Esquire, have been proved; and that the Standing Order of the House, bearing Date the aoth of May 1791, referred to in the said Petition, has not been complied with.

APPENDIX.

EVIDENCE taken at the Committee upon Sligo Notices Petition.

Thmfday 6th May.

Mr. William Holmes called in; and examined: — He is in the Army, and generally with his Regiment j his Father lives in the County of Sligo; lived Three Years during the last Six Years with his Father; never knew any Newspaper published at Sligo, by Gray, only upon Fridays; his Father subscribed to the Paper; he was in the Habit of calling for this Paper for his Father, and never called oftener than Once a Week.

Was you at your Father's at Sligo, the 29th September 1801 ?---1 went to my Father's House before the

First of September, and left it on the 2d of October', I was, during the whole of that Time, in the County, visiting about: I rather think I was at my Father's on that Day.

Did you ever hear of any other Paper published, than those produced to the Committee, dated on Fridays ? ----- Not for the last Five Years. Withdrew'.

A Member present informed the Committee, That he has know'n the County of Sligo for Twelve or Thirteen Years, and has been there for Six or Seven Weeks together every Year, and never knew of any other Sligo Journal but a Friday Paper published by Gray, and which he ahways considered as a Weekly Paper; he was there last Chr if mas, and there was only One Weekly Paper published, w'hich w'as dated on a Friday.

The Earl of Kingston, called in; and examined: — Has known Sligo a long Time, but never knew any but a Weekly Paper published there; has not been at for Three Years; nearer Four. Withdrew.

Another Member present informed the Committee, That he was at Mr. Wynne's (the Petitioner's) House, near Sligo, since last Chrifmas, and never saw any, other than a W eekly Paper, published on a Friday, by

Mr. Andrew Hume called in; and examined: — Lives . at Sligo; a Merchant.

Are you a Petitioner for the Bill now before the

House ? ----- 1 understand that my Son did iign my

Name, as one of the Firm of my House, to the Petition.

Have you subscribed to pay the Expences of prosecuting the Bill ?---1 have promised to subscribe, and intend to keep my Promise. Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Griffith called in; and examined: — Is an Attorney, living at Dublin, and Solicitor for prosecuting the Sligo Paving Bill in Parliament.

Are you the Thomas Griffith whole Name is signed to

a Notice

42 Geo. III. it>°

a Notice in a Newspaper, purporting to be printed at Sligo, on Tuesday 29th of September rSoi ?--1 am.

Was ic your Duty to have put the Notices in the Papers, agreeably to the Standing Orders of the House? ----- 1 do conceive it was; and I think I have done so.

When did you receive your Instructions to put-in the Notices? ----- A Day or two before the 18th of Sep-

tember.

Were there Three Weeks between the 18 th of September and the id of October ?---- No.

Are there any other but a Weekly Paper published in

Sligo ?---1 believe it is printed Twice a Week, but

published Once a Week.

Are you a Sligo Man? ----- -1 am.

Have you, within these Three Years, seen any Paper

published by Gray, but on a Friday? ----- --- No; except

that One upon Tuesday the 29 th of September lad.

Withdrew.

Friday 7 th May.

Mr. Griffith again called in; and examined: — Where did you get the Paper of Tuesday the 29th September ? ----- From Mr. Gray, the Printer.

Did you fee any more Copies of that Paper of she 59th September ? ----- -1 did, several; I saw a great Num-

ber in Gray's Shop; and saw it afterwards in the Coffee Room at Sligo, and in several Houses in the Town of Sligo.

Is it a public Coffee Room ?--- It is.

Did you fee any more Tuesday Papers at Mr. Gray's ?

— ' Mr. Gray shewed me a File of Papers, which he laid were Tuesday Papers; I looked at Two or Three at the Top of the File, and saw they were Tuesday Papers, bearing different Dates.

Had those Papers ever been published ? ----- 1 believe

not, otherwise than having them sent to the Stamp Office.

Would the Paper of the 29th have been

published, but at your special Desire ?----1 believe it

would have been printed, but not published or circulated but upon my Delire.

When were you first acquainted with the Orders of this House, for the Three Publications of Notices in

August or September ? ----- -1 did not know of the Orders

till about the 16th of September.

How came you to see the Orders then ?----1 few them

in a Dublin Newspaper, at Sli

Why did you desire the Printer to publish the Paper

on the 29th of September?---1 met the Printer at Sligo,

and infonned him, that it would be necessary to have Three Publications of a Notice in the Month of tember, and that we were then too late to have it done; he told me that we were not too late, for that he was obliged to print his Papes Twice a Week, but that the Paper.printed on Tuesdays was not circulated, but sent to the Stamp Office; and that, if I chose to have the Advertisement in the Tuesday Paper, he would circulate it to his Subscribers through the Town.

Was the Notice printed on the following Friday? ----- 1 can't fey, but I believe it was; I know it was published the iall Three Fridays of and in some

Time of November.

Do you believe that the Circulation of the Paper of Tuesday the 29th September, was as general as any other

Paper published on a Friday? ----- 1 believe it was as

general in the Town; and Mr. Gray told me he sent it to his Subscribers in the Country.

What did you pay for having the Infertion of the Notice in the tuesday Paper ? 1 have not paid anything.

Are you to pay for it ?--- Yes.

Are you to pay for all the Papers published on that Day ? ----- -1 can't fey.

Do you expect to be obliged to pay for all? ----- --1

suppose the Printer will expect me to pay for all the Stamps of that Day's Publication; the Printer told the so; he did not say that he would charge for any thing Vo 1. 57.

Mail 423

more than the Stamps; I understand that he is not to charge for Expence of Paper.

Is he to charge the Subscribers with that Day's Paper? ----- 1 believe not.

Is he to charge you with the Paper? ----- Not further

than I have mentioned; I believe he is not to charge any One for that Day's Paper; I believe he gave it out gratis; I few a great many in his Shop. He laid he printed 60.

How many Copies does he print of his Friday's Paper ? ----- 1 cannot by any Means lay.

How many Subscribers has he ? ----- --1 don't know.

Does he print 500 ? ----- 1 can't fey.

Does he print too? ----- Yes.

Does he print 200? ----- -1 can't say; but believe never

less than 100; I dare fey he prints Ids than 200; I do not think the Call is diffidently large to print more.

Did he ever print more Copies than Two of the Tuesday Papers that you mentioned to have seen on the File

in his Shop ?---- I believe not since he cealed publishing

Twice a Week, which was about Five or Six Years ago.

What did he do with the Two Copies ? ----- ---£)ne he

filed, and the other he sent to the Stamp Office.

If you had not applied to him on the Tuesday for the Publication, would he have printed more than the usual Two? ----- -No, he would not.

What is the Reason of his printing One for the Stamp Office only ?----1 don't know.

Was this extra Publication for the Purpose of complying literally with the Orders of the House ?--- Yes;

it was.

Whether the Paper on the 29th of September would not have been published on Friday the 2d with the Date of the 2d October, had it not been for your Application to the Printer ?--It would not.

Can you account for the Numbers of the Two Papers, of Friday the 25th of September and Tuesday the 29th, bearing the same Number ? ----- -1 cannot account for it.

Count the Number of Advertisements in the Paper of Friday the 25th of September, and tell the Committee how many there are ? ----- -There are 22.

Count the Number of Advertisements in the Paper of Tuesday the 29th ?----'There ar^ two.

Are the Two Copies of the Newspapers printed on a Tuesday, Fac Similes of those published afterwards of a

Friday, and do they bear the same Date ? ----- ----1 believe

they are not Facsimiles; and they do not bear the same Date.

Is it because the Advertisements are not printed in

the Tuesday Paper? ----- --It is; and they do not contain'

the same News as the Fridays.

What is the Distance from Sligo to London ? — About 400 Miles.

What is the general Time a Mail is going from London to Sligo ?--Six Days.

When Mr. Gray, the Printer, declined publishing of a Tuesday Paper, did he not apprize his Customers of it ?

----1 can't lay; but think he ought to have done it; I

should think he did. Withdrew.

Mr. MatthewWalfh, a Grazier, in the County oiSligo,

called in; and examined: — Where do you live ? ——

Four Miles from Sligo.

Are you a Subscriber to the Sligo Newspaper ? ----- ----- 1

am.

Did you read in that Paper, a Notice to apply to

Parliament for a Bill to repeal the Sligo Paving Act ?-

I did.

Where did you fee it ? ----- At Sligo.

‘ Did you fee the same Notice in October last ? ----- ----1

did, on the 27th of October.

Did you fee the Notice on the 29th of September ? ----- 1 did not.

Did you receive any Paper on the 29th of September ?

--- No; I only received One, Once a Week, on

Fridays.

Did

io° Mail.

A. 1802*

Did you not consider yourself entitled to every Paper

published by Grays' ----- ----- ----- -Yes, I did; to every Friday's

Paper.

Do you not suppose the Friday Paper the only Paper published by Mr. Grays' — -"-I do.

monable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs" of the Petition of

- _ ... T rrrn Mavnr

Did you lee the Notice in any Paper prior to the 27th City of London, attended at the Door; they were called &c. of Lon-'

Withdrew. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, don, for

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- respecting

of October? ----- 1 did.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Thurlby A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That

establishing of Markets at Paddington.

committed ll* ^ommon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and by virtue of, and under divers Charters, from Time to

The Lords have agreed to

Kent Street Raids Bui.

other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Elford, Mr. Vytier,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Air. Ord: *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Pari lb of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and

Time granted to the City- of London, by the Kings and

Queens of this Realm, the Petitioners have been inverted

with divers important Privileges and Immunities, and

especially with the Power of holding certain Fairs and

Markets within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said

City; and by the said Charters, or some of them, it was,

and is, expressly provided, that no Market shall be granted, erected, or permitted, within Seven Miles of the

laid City of London; and that this Privilege, so granted,

hath lately been infringed under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, but unknown to the Petitioners at the

Time such Act was parted, and till now; and from the

Inquiry the Petitioners have caused to be made, they

are persuaded the Sandtion of the Legislature to such an

Infringement of the Rights and Privileges of the City of

London must have been obtained, as they conceive, very

„ , c rv 11 , irregularly, improperly, and by Surprize, by the following

Surrey; and for more else&ually repairing and mprov- M^ W.Vthe Year 1798, a Petition was pnS Ing laid K°ads- >"d for 1'ghttng and watching, or fented to the House from Bilh aiL*im

guarding the same t and ^so for mcreasing the Compo- anJ c „f Proprietors of a certain Canal,

liMons payable in heu of Statute Duy, by he Panlhes m c£„j JCam, which p ;ti £

ot Eafi Greenwich and Saint Paul, Deptford, to the 1 rea- , T, . , 1 c . n , rr

surer of the said ledged, That by virtue of an Act, made and passed in

And also,

o . a j a ledged, that by virtue of an Act, made and passed in

Roads i without any Amendment: Year of ,he Rdgn of His present Majesty>

Ohefter and Whitchurch Roads Bill,

(Fink Dill rift.)

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of

enable the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, for tire Purpose of building upon, a Treaty and Agreement had been entered into between the said Lord Bishop of London and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands at Paddington of the one Part, and the Company of Proprietors of the

i>ars ai nouyuua w.uuu u.c i^uci ucs 01 me vmy or Grand Junction Canal of the other part for granting a

Lgjler, to II hitchitrchtand from hence to Atem/wr, in filid c of comin Parts of tlfeir

the County of Uhp.and Meveral other Roads therein Unds and Premifa in he'parifl, of afore-

mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road

laid; but that the same could not be rendered effectual

h-ading from the Bars at Boog ken within the Uberties u,e Authority of Parliament; and that the said

of the City of Chjor, to H hmhurO, aforesaid, being the Company of Propric, ors required the Aid of Parliament

to carry such Treaty and Agreement into Ertedt on their

Worthing

Roads Kill.

CliatV-'m Pooi Bill.

First Dillridt of Roads in the said Acts mentioned , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from , in the Parish of

Broadwater, in the County of Sttjsex, by Findon, tngton Hill Rock, and A/hi Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep Cajand Baybridge Lane, to the SteyningTurnpike, at West Grinjled Park, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and colieeling the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclyiure Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and W alle Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

F-nftanton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act laooiure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

Roilrftoi*

Parts; and further alledged, that if such Treaty and Agreement were fully performed, and carried into complete Execution, it would be for the mutual Benefit of the said Lord Bishop of London and the said Company, and of public Utility; and the said Proprietors therefore prayed for a Bill to enable the said Lord Bishop of London to ratify and confirm the said Agreement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the said Petition being by the House referred to a Committee, a Report was made from such Committee on Tuesday, the lft Day of May. 1798, which Report stated, that it had been proved to them, that, by virtue of the Act above-mentioned, a Treaty and Agreement had been entered, into between the said Lord Bishop of and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands at Paddington of the one Part, and the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal of the other Part, for granting a Lease to the said Company of Proprietors of certain Lands and Premises in the Parish of Paddington aforesaid; and that the said Company of Proprietors required the Aid of Parliament, with a Power for borrowing a further Sum, to enable them to carry such Treaty and Agreement into Effcdl on their Parts; and that it had been also proved to them, that if the said Treaty and Agreement were fully performed, and carried into complete

42 Geo. III. 10° Mail.

42-5

plete Execution, it would be for the mutual Benefit of the Petitioners, and of public Utility; and that, upon the reading of the said Repoit, the House was pleased to make an Order, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morfhead, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thifilethwastc, Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that the Words in the said Order, " and for other Pur-€i poses therein mentioned,'' mud have Reference either to the said Agreement, the said Petition, or the said Report, or mult ne:ellanly be devoid of any Meaning whatever; and that, pursuant to the said Order, a Bill was presented to the House under the Title above-mentioned, of which Bill the proper Officer of the Petitioners obtained a Copy; and that the said Bill recited the Agreement therein referred to, apparently, and as the Petitioners apprehend and believe, verbatim, by which it appears, that certain Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Pad-chn^ton uforeftid, and thereinafter more particularly mentioned and defcril*ed, were agreed to be demised on Lease to the said Company, for the Purpose of carrying and extending an intended Navigable Cut from the said Grand Junction Canal in the Precinct of Norwood to Paddirtgtorty into, and through, the same Lands and Grounds, and in order to make, build, erect, and set up, Rich and so many Wharfs, Quays, Houses, Warehouses, Weighing Beams, Reservoirs of Water, Engines, Machines, Docks, Waterworks and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company of Proprietors should think proper and convenient; and that the said Bill, lb presented to the House, puqwted to intend to provide for the Confirmation and Ratification of the said Agreement; and that, neither in the said Petition, Reoort, Order fora Bill, Articles of Agreement, or Bill iticif, was there One Word which, directly or by Implication, could be ed into a Power to the said Company to establish a Market upon any Part of the Linds so intended to be demised on Lease to them; and that the Petitioners, trusting to what they had been informed and understood to be the uniform and invariable Piactice of the House, namely, never to allow any Provision to be made, or Power granted by any Bill whatever, the Object and Intention of which had not in same previous Proceeding been clearly and fully Hated, roiled perfectly secure that nothing could be done under the said Petition which would in any Way a deed their Rights, Privileges, and Immunities; but, in consequence of certain recent Advertikments, and other Proceedings of the said Grand Junction Canal Company, announcing to the Public that they had estabiished and opened Markets for the depositing and Sale of divers Articles, the Petitioners ordered the Act, passed in the 38th \ ear or tire Reign of His present Majesty (a Copy of which, while depending in the House they had seen as above-mentioned) to be carefully examined, and then, and not till then, did the Petitioners discover that a Clause had been added in tire Committee, to whom the said Bill had been referred, tire Preamble to which Clause only referred to the said Articles of Agreement, but which, in the enacting Part, empowered the said Company of Proprietors to make, build, erect, and set up, such and lb many \\ liarfs, Quays, Markets, Houses, Warehouses, Weighing Beams, Engines, Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, in or upon any Part of the said demiled Lands and Grounds as they should judge fit and expedient; and that the Estabfishment of a Market within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners is a great and important V iolation of their Rights and Privileges; and that they conceive the Sanction of VoL. 5J.

the Legislature lath been obtained to such Violation.of their Charters by Proceedings equally irregular and unjustifiable; and that the Circumstances above-mentioned did not come to the Knowledge of the Petitioners till after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapled: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the said Grand Junction Canal Company to establish a Market or Markets on the Premises therein described; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Leave give That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr‘Alderman Curtis> } 6 e

S,(Mr. Alderman Comb£

Tellers for the Noes JThe "

icuers ror the i\oes,^M^ prat<i:,) 27-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House being informed that the Sheriffs of Petition the City of London attended at the Door; they were Prercnud* called in; and, at the Bar, presented* so the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the said Grand Junction Canal Company to establish a Market or Markets on the Premises therein described; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

' A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter t hereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Attorney General

j

Mr. Lvjhingtcn:

Tellers for the Noes

\ Mr. '(Mr.

1

73-

24.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Petition was referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account, carrying forward the Balances ot £.482,628. os. Sid. on the Funded Account, and of £.441,291. ordered.'

13s. 3 id.on the Unfunded Account; in the Whole

£.923,919. 145. Rated in the Report of the Committee of Accounts in the last Session of the Parliament to have been in Collectors Hands on the 25th March 1799, together with the Charge and Discharge of such Collectors from the said Day until the 5th January 1802; specifying the Balances in their Hands on the 25th March 1800, on the 25th December 1800, on the ill and 5th of January 1801, and on the 5th January

1802; distinguishing the several daffies ot Collectors or Receivers by whom such Balances were due.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, specifying how the Balance of£.573,420. Ss.-S{d.

3 Q Rated

u.

426 io0 Mait. A. 1802.

stated in an Account, delivered last Session by Mr. Irving, to have been the Balance in the Hands of the Collectors ?f the Irish Revenue on the 25th Day of December 1800, was reduced, between that Day and the lft January following, and to wj.at Amount; distinguishing the several Collectors and Receivers, and reconciling the same with the Sum of £.428,170. 19*. 5 mentioned in N° 1, intituled, " Public Income of , for the Year 1801,"

to have been fuc h Balance on the said ill January 1801, and with the Stun of£.526,307. \\d. mentioned

in the Voucher (A.) and (B.) annexed to such Paper, to have been such Balance on the same Day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Balance of£.68,393. for. ${d. returned in an Account delivered by Mr. Irving last Session, to have been in the Hands of the Collectors of the hiJJiStamp Duties on the 25th December 1800, was alten d, so as to have amounted to the Sum of £.85,087. 3 r. id. on 1 ft January following, as stated in an Account delivered this Session, specifying what the actual Balance was on each of the said Days.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-tount, shewing how the Balance of £.20,635. 41. 9 stated in the Account, delivered by Mr. Irving last Section, to have been in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Post Office of Ireland on the 25th 1800,

was reduced to the Sum of £. 17,375. ior. 1 on the 1 ft January following, as stated in the Account of the Public Income of Ireland for the Year 1801, delivered this Session > and what was the actual Balance on the said ift January.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, reconciling the Statement of £.299,766. 14*. 4 as being the Balance in the Hands of the Collectors of the Irish Revenue on the 5th 1802, in Paper

N° 1, intituled, " The Public Income of Ireland for the Year 1801," with the Statement of £.391,457. in the Vouchers (A.) and (B.) annexed thereto, as being the like Balance on the said Day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, reconciling the Statement of a Sum of £.30,953. x s. 8 d.in Vouchers (A.) and (B.) annexed to the Paper N° 1, intituled, " The Public Income of Ireland," as beigg the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th January 1S02, with the Statement of the Sum of £.24,507. 3*. $d. in the said Paper N° 1, and also in Voucher (C.) annexed thereto, signed by the Receiver General, as being the Amount of the said Balance on the said Day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, specifying by what Authority an Issue of £.334,368. 14.1. 1 od.was made by the Irish Treasury, as Hated in the Abstract of Receipts and Issues of the Treasury, delivered to this House, under the Head of " Vote of Credithow the Amount was raised j and when it was paid to the Irish Treasury.

n*- of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an M MU?'4'* ^ccount the Territorial Revenues and Commercial Duties annually collected within the Islands of Malta, Co'zo, and Comino, previous to the Occupation of the Fort of Valette by the French Forces in the Year 1798. 1

1 -MP.ittfe of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; litiri'n?-, kc. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards,-rrUr ta‘ Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the

,iirnioii*! United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the

25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, both indu-live, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Force* In Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those pla^,0B* at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th of May 1802 to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Fencible Corps of Fencible Infantry, for Service in the United Infautr3r* Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for their Reduction, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance, for the Month of June 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report which was Allowances to made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre^ Adjotant^&c, pare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the Houl'e,. That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, dilem-bodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1802, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Kejolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committeeow resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 32d tionalDeb* Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to deferred, the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to amend the 30th Day of April last, for taking into further Con- Act Relief sideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and deferred, render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

" Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of " Livings, and from taking of Ferms, &c." was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Older be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Cunlideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 18th Day of this Instaut May,

Knglia The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

A. 'Thursday last, for taking into further Consideration, To-

morrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thu Morning next.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia tQ ref0jve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 18th iDay of this Instant May.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

-DebtonRciirf The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Sill, deferred. T/rarfdayla ft, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Rqxirt from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons;

" and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Pril'on beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; . '

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. „

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon IVeduefday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant May.

Militia Psy Mr. Henry' Alexander, according to Order, reported ul, reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee appointed Report oii to consider of so much of several Acts, passed by the ^^erelatiT* Parliament of Ireland, relative to the better Regulation Linen, &c. of the Linen or Hempen Manufacture, as relates to the ascertaining the Quality of the Flax Seed imported into °; *

Ireland, and to report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill respefHrig to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Linen to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for ^7reian<^e the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in deferred. Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'fui?he^eru' upon the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of tau* of1 Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve Controverted in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings re- deferred.* lating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Edward Fowle, of the Parish of Boxley, petition of in the County of Kent, Gentleman, on Behalf of himself, and several of the Inhabitants of the adjoining Parishes, Mefwsy Na-was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of vigatioa Bill, the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 32d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Ailing-ton, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent, and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River; and Setting forth, That all the public, useful, and beneficial Purposes of the said Bill, could be obtained without that Infringement of the Rights of the Petitioner, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, which the Bill will create and perpetuate; and that, in passing a Clause in the said Act of the 32d Year of His present Majesty, the House was deceived by the Milre-presentations of those whose Interest it was to earn' the said Act through the House, by Hating that to be pri- * vate Property which had, from Time immemorial, been devoted to the Public, and by depriving the Petitioner, - and the other Inhabitants of the Parish of Boxley, of an open, ancient, and Kingsway, without providing any Substitute for their Convenience, or Compenfetion for the Injuries they sustain; and that Castle Shelf, mentioned in the said Act as a Ford or Ferry, belonging to Lord Romney, never was a Ferry, nor could in the Nature of Things be used as such; that it was a Shallow running across the River Medway, covered at Low Water not more than Twelve Inches in Depth, and was always con- _ lidered as a public and open Kingsway for all Persons to , pals and re-pass at their rleafure; apd that, at the Time

the

to

42§ iod Mail A. 1802.

the Ciid Act was paiud into a Law, the Petitioner was unapprized or the UiJ Clause, or he would then have oppou d it: And therefore praying, That the House will take into Consideration the Grievances and Injuries which the Petitioner, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parities, fiuftam by the Effect; and Operation of the said Ci'aufc; and that he may be heard, by Counsel and Evidence, to (ubflmtiate the Allegations of this Petition; and that (lie House will, either by Repeal or Modification of the said Clause, give that Relief to the Petitioner which shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is ^committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

fc ai-son The House was moved, That an Act, made in the I 22(^ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

K^v.Vs, to fee " An Act for liccnling Lottery Office Keepers, and re-C3m:ue:ed. gulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets/' might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Licences granted to Lottery Office Keepers.

Aftreiptcting The I louse was moved, That an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, be conmiered. <c An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and " Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other " Duties thereon, in certain Calcs/' might be read.

1 And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 51I1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon " Aumifinns into Corporations or Companies, and for " further securing and im|)roving the Stamp Duties in " Great Britain" might be read.

And ii:e same was read accordingly.

The* 1 louse was also moved. That an Act, made in the ;th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-, tuied, " An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon " Policies of Assurance, and for reducing the Allowance " to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the " Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and " other Lxcifeable Liquors; and for explaining and " a Gliding several Acts of Parliament relating to u Hackney Coaches and Chairs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Warnp Duties, rrfuuv, That they do consider of the Allowances now made on prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties*

/. n. rrfptel- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation " to the lending and receiving of Letters and Packets " free from the Duty of Postage/' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The f louse was also moved, That an Act, made in the 24th Yearot the Reign of I lis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional " Rates of Pottage, for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Polt, within the Kingdom of Great Britain: for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Cunvejance of certain Goods in Letters 4

" and Packets, and for further preventing Frauds and " Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of H Letters and Packets free from Postage/' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for al! nving.

<c Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and private " Men, in the Navy and Army, wiulft on Service, to c< send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and " for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be " transmitted by th.e Poll at an easier Rate than is now u allowed by Law/' might be read.

And the same v\as read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act ‘* for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March,

" One thousand Eight hundred and Three, Lvera! Acts " of the lall Session of Parliament, for continuing and " granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland/' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the " Revenue of the Pod Office, and for granting Rates of <c Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets " between Great Britain and the' Ijie of Man, and within " that Island," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Hr amending so much of the said Act as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Poll, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets, and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being lent otherwise than by the Post: And that Mr. Nicho}as Vans.itart, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Hi ley Addington, and Mr. Henry Alexander,(\o prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the E-ntoon present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One i.Uuc<i.

" than hand Eight hundred and Three, and amend an " Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, relating " to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; to:

" permitting BHtish Plantation Sugar to be warehoused,

" and for remilating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar

00 o

" exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refohed, rFIiat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve illclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing further Bounties on refined Sugar in Loaf complete, and Whole or Lump duly refined.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Tuentythird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inii-cc tuied. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp " Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties cn all c< Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty s Letters Patent /' and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, might be read.

And the kune being read accordingly;

Resolved, That tins House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

io° Mali.

429

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the Appoint

Mffith Oiftctr*

Bill, deferred, whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Irish Elections Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections, or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

" ment of Commissioners to admiriilter certain Oaths " and Declarations required by Law to be taken and " made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of " Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill regain* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Apprentices consider further of the Bill for the Preservation of the other Fasto-Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in ries> deferred. Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Irish Indemnity Bill, committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Uphaven and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common incioiureBiil, Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Com- com, mtte monable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to ' meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Speaker's Chamber.

Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and al- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Spclfbury lowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, '

for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands,

' - - - within the Parish of in the County of Oxford,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Spencer, &c.: And tlrey are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Irish Mariners Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill, deferred. refQ]vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for regulating the I>rawhack on Sagar exported from Ireland,

deferred. Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning-next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Houfo.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, swerford the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and indofure Bill, other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Swerford, in the Parish of Swerford, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

..... ~ " ‘ ‘ Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Swerford, in the Parish of Swerford, in the County of Oxford.

, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Coroners Fees The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 1 ' c trre resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve irfeif into the said Committee.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Election

Oaths'BiJI,

committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself* into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Provisions of an VOL. 57.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Denton the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com- £^j"ure Bll,» mons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadow ''. Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Comm^.iabfo Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefcvre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ten of the Clock.

Morning,

5 R

43°

it0 M

A. 1802.

Uttoxeter and Newcastle Road* Bill» committed.

Mart is, ii° die Matt;

Anno 42* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Cjrtjmgton TV T R- Ojbornreporter! from the Committee, to wliohi re C'rted!B, U* the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Ultoxeter to the Town of New c ofle-under-Lyme, and from C/iffe Bank to Snape

Marsh; and also from Lozver Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

wright, Mr. Dickins,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, ot , in the County

Of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wright, Mr . Diekins, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from in the County of

Derby, to the Town of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved. That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augu'his Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

sinfm Monr Lord George AuguJIus Henry reported from

l.uUriurc Bui, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, rq>ortid. and inc]0iing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Sin fin Moor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 1 '.lli.es allelled to the Land Tax at £.12. 15*. ^d. per

bnvrntry Inclosure Bill, Committed.

Aifreton K«rul Bill, committed.

Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 553. 2 7

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, fot declaring certain Leases to be void.

And the said Clause was Twite read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord George AuguJIus Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Towri-ship of IVirkfworth, in the County of Derby, and also,

the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of

IVirkfworth, in the County of Derby, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and Bills for making Aqucducfts, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where, the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Rickards Inc/e, being examined, laid. That the several Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor anti Township, arc, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that a Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of t]ie lame, between and amongst the several Persons interested, would tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Rickards hide, being again examined, said. That there are divers Springs of Water rising out of, and upon, a certain'Common called Part

of the said Commons and Waste Lands l'o intended to be inclosed, and Water is now, and hath been for many Years pall, conveyed from such Springs by Soughs and Pipes to the Town of IVirkfworth aforesaid, for the Use of the said Town in general, and into clivers Houses belonging to the Inhabitants thereof: That there are, in and upon the said Commons and Waste lands, and in the ancient inclosed Lands adjoining, divers Lead Mines, and Soughs for draining such Lead Mines, which may in procels of Time dellroy the said Springs, or deprive the Inhabitants of the Town of aforesaid of the Use thereof; and that it is highly expedient Provision should be made in such Bill, for preserv-ing the said Springs, and for the future Conveyance of the Water thereof to the said Town as heretofore, and for procuring Water from other Springs in case the said Springs should fail; and that proper Regulations should be established for the Ule and Enjoyment of such Water by the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of IVirkfworth, in the County of Derby; for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and YValte Land?: and for the better securing a Supply of Water

for

Wirksworth Inclosure, Stc* Petition it reported.

11

Mali.

43 <

Petition of Mr. Jones, iigainst Monmouthshire Canil Navigation Bill.

S.i!tW, See.

lndofutf Bill, repotted.

for the Use of the Inhabitants of th£ Town of in the said County: And that Lord George Henry Cavendish and Mr. Munddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Jones of in the County of Monmouth, Esquire, was presented to the House, and

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monition: hj/dre Canal Navigation,-and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to rape a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the 3 2d and 37th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner post'eii'es considerable Property, which will be deeply affected by many of the Provisions and Clauds of the said Bill, in calc they Should pals in the Form in which they now stand; and that the Petitioner islikewile much interested in the 'Polls, Duties, and Rates, which now exilt, and it is proposed by the Bill to alter the fame; and that there arc, bolides, many Regulations proposed by the said Bill, which will be equally prejudicial to the Petitioner, as well as the Public: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Wittleffes, against the Clauses of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom thedkid Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir George Attguf.us Hriliiam S hud-burgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands,

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and Breedon-on-the-Hill, all in the Parish of in the County of Leicester, was committed; Th it the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tlje same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and.that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, JYhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting; and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes or Townships of Alvaston and Boulton, in the County of Derby, was-read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Che/laston, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr! Mundy, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock) in the Speaker's Chamber.

Alvafton and Boulton Inclotbre Bill, Committed.

Chellafton Inclosure Bill, committed*

v/itliin the Hamlet of Salt/ey and in the

Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in me County of llarwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosuie, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 Joule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

BirVi-y md An ingrafted Bill fir dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Indoiure Bill t'ic Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the p..ii'r<i. ' ' Parishes of Birburyand Marten, in the County of

ir, vz::k, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the I'ariflies of Birbury and Marten, in the County of Ordered, That Sir George Augustus Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

xvorthm^cm >,lr. Mtvnh reported from the Committee, to whom B.ui, rcportiiT. th- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Yol. 57.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do make the Report from Member the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, d*reaed to and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Paf- ISnfkill, &c. tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town- inclosure Bill, lb ip or Liberty of Ranjlill, in the Parish of Blyth, and the Township and Pari 111 of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham, w'as committed.

The I/ird Lovainereported from the Committee, to Lord Bute's whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An gjii^^ed Act for re<? Tying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by mid passed, the Right honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right honourable Mary Wortley late Countess of Bute ant! Baroness Mountjluart, his Wife, both deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Lovaine do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. William Dutidas presented to the House, accord- Stirling and

ing to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from causeu'-ayHead, near Stirling, through the County presented. '

of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by

WestSaline and Crofsfoord, towards and certain Roads branching out of the fame, and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of C/ack- man:

,d by

C It'*. F.ftjte

bill, rt parted, md passed.

Glasgow Glebe Bill,

paised.

Wigtown

Roads Kill, p.fled.

B'llingf^atc i* ilh Nlarket

Kill,

committed.

mannan: And the same was received; and read the First Ordered, That Mr. Savile do make the Report from Stretford's Time. the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the 3'reported!.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act,

passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of His' present Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, " of an Act, made in the Thirty Tecond Year of the Reign An Act for confirming a Feu Contract made between " of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled,

Oliver Colt, Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamil- " An Act for amending and widening the Roads hading

ton Colt, his Nephew, an Infant, and David Mijhet," from Stretford's Bridge, the County of Hereford, to.

of certain Parts of the Lands of Eafiern and Wcjiern " the New Inn, in the of Winftanltow, the

Garturk, situated in the County of Lanark, in North " County of Salop; and the Road from Blue-mantle Britain, was committed; That the Committee had exa- " Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same " County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given " made in the Tzventy-second Year of the Reign of His their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the " present as relates to the Road from Mortimer's

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to " Cross to Aymstrey Bridge," was committed, report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Mr. Savile accordingly reported from the said Com-

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. mittee, That the Committee had examined the Allega-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill made several Amendments thereunto, which they had to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath directed to be reported to the House; and he read the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where An ingrafted Bill for feuing the Glebe of the Parish the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then, of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question was read the Third Time. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be be, An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the ingrafted.

Barony of Glasgowtin the County of Lanark.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill Sir reported from the Committee, to Lknslly

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Railway Railway and

- or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain Place called An ingrafted Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of 18th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks, ca'led " An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in Caflell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of

" the County of Wigtown "and for the more effectually in the said County, and for making and maintaining a amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats,

Newton DouglaJ's, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, was committed; That the Committee had examined and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Ayr, near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a true; and that the Committee had gone through the Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High they had directed him to report to the House, together Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read the with a List of the Names of the Persons who have Third Time. assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the " for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's " of Wigtown and for the more effectually amending. Table: Where the Report was read, w idening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Nezvton Douglass, Table.

Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr, near the Sir Hamlyn reported from the Committee, to Kidwelly

Cairn of Lochryan-, and for levying a Conversion Money whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges 5th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

"in the said County. for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Ordered, That Mr. William Stewart do carry the Bill several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as re-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. late to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a A Bill for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Part of the Roads within the said District; and for ad Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair,

" An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called " and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present Pont-y-Gto a Bridge called " exorbitant Price thereof; and to protest and en- ddylais, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the " courage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish Parish of in the Counties of Carmarthen and

to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; Glamorgan, was committed; That the Committee had and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said same to be true; and that the Committee had gone City, was read a Second Time. through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman unto, which they had directed him to report to the Curtis, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Chamber. the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

tead

Ranft.il), &c.

luClOiU. C jji.lj

reported.

Silvertop's Estate Bill, committed.

Thurso H ir-bour l'cUtion3 reported.

read throughout; and theft a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrollld.

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arabic Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of in the Parish of B/yth, and the Towmship and Parish of Scrooly, in the County of Notw'as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-raiife-e had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and iound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 77 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 8 Acres, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons intc-rested in the Inclosure consists of 933 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossld Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George , Esquire,

in Pont Island, otherwise Pont Ealand, in the County of Northumberland, and Winlaton, in the County of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John , Esquire, deceased,

and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Byzaell Saint Peter, in the said County of

Northumberland, held by a Lease for Twenty-one Years, to the Lies of the Will of the said late Sihertop-, and for vesting in the said George several Parts

or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chop-well, and the Parish of By ton, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Sihertop, mollly held by the like Tenure, and for enabling the said George Sihertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Houl'ehold Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for veiling his Estate in Alinster Acres, in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Ui'es, and to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon,. Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Thurso, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same tvas read; and is as loiloweth; viz.

VOL. 57.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed the Committee, That the Petitioners have long fullered the greatest Inconvenience from the Want of proper Harbours in the Bay of Thurso, whether at the Entrances into the River of Thurso, or at the Road of Scrabjier, situated therein; that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Protection of Vessels navigating the North Sea to have such Harbours formed, and the fame* would also elsentially contribute to the Improvement of the Fisheries on the Northern Coasts of the Kingdom, as well as promote, encourage, and extend the growing Trade and Manufactures of the said Town and adjacent Country; that the Petitioners have subscribed certain Sums of Money for making the said Harbours; and they, with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, are willing to be subjected to the Payment of certain Rates, Assessments, and Duties, for maintaining the said Harbours.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness: And that Sir John Sinclair, Mr. William Dundas, and General Grant, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing the Petition Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, for repairing and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the ^r£lwortkl 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to BraJJington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward; and also, the Road irotn the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Poll on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby; and that the Trustees for the Care of the said Road caused the Notices required by the Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making or altering Turnpike Roads, to be given agreeably thereto, of an intended Application, in the present Session of Parliament, for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and caused a Petition to be prepared for presenting to the House for such intended Bill, which Petition was signed by certain of the Trustees in the first Week in February last, and Directions were given to the Clerk of the said Trustees to transmit the same to London, in order to its being presented; and that the said Petition was, by Accident, millaid in the Office of the said Clerk, and was not found until after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired; and that the State of the said Road being such as to require an immediate Alteration and Amendment of the said Act, it is very essential to the Accommoda-

7 . a

tion of the Public, and the Benefit of the Neighbourhood, that an Act for the above Purposes should be passed as speedily as may be: And therefore praying.

That, in Consideration of the Circumstances above-mentioned, Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- Leave given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Petition Execution an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign Presented« of Mis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braffington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward; and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Pod on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of

5 S Wirksworth

y

434 11

IVirkfworthafore laid, all in the County of whose

Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to tl\e I Joule, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said A*5t described, but tind that several of the Powers granted by the said Act arc defective, and require Amendment; that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, which (till remain due and unpaid; and that the said Roads cannot be, effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money now due on the Credit of the 'Polls be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conffdcration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Henry

Cavendish, Mr. Miuidy,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

KUcrton In. Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to cioiure Dili, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, reported. jjie Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of E/lerton, in the Parish of Ellerton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mickleton An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lnu!T,reBl!l' ^ie ^oor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, pjlU ' and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of

Mickleton, and Pari fir of , in the North Riding

of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made t* the Bill;

Pr. 11. 1. 12. To leave out " Arbitrators" and insert " Commissioners" instead thereof.

Pr. 34. 1. ult. To leave out " such".

Pr. 35. 1. 1. To leave out from " Ground" to " and" in 1. 2.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcfvlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the . Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Failures, and

other Commonable Lands, within the Township of > Mickleton, and Pariffr of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the ot w< ttmm- petition of Edward Stones and John Baker, Princioal

iter, repo: ted.

Mali. A. 180a.

Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had db rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and reducing into One Act, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of V and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields,

Saint Mary-le-Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of was read; also, an Act, passed in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for further continuing and amending the said Act, was read: And,

Mr. James Sant being examined, said, That the manifest Purport and Intent of the said last mentioned Act \yas to continue the Term and Powers of the said former Act until the 24th of June 1810, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, but that Doubts have arisen, from the Manner in which the said last mentioned Act is worded, whether such Continuation was actually granted and provided for; that the said Acts have been found very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and it is desirable and expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Act should be fully continued for the Term intended to be enacted by the said Act of the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for such longer Term as may be judged to be proper. — Then,

Mr. Robert Brook being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts as ta certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of IV and Parts adjacent, and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Manure Bin, Bill for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses in the Sale and Admeasurement of Soot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to-report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftemards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, widening, and altering Great staugh-the Road leading from the South End of Brown's Lane, Roads. in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of - 1 'pa l°'' tingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Pari fir of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading from the South End of Lane, in the

Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered,

11° Mail.

435

Stymie Old-coats, &c. Inclosure bill, Teporied.

Ordered, That Mr. S/iazv do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. 71 lellijlireported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wade' Grounds, and all other the Open and Unincloicd Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Oldcoats,

and Farworth, and io much of Noniev as is within the

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second iriili Courts Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Ma- Bl11' deferred, jetty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Ex-

Liberty of Styrrupatorelaid, in the Parishes of B/yth and chequer, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and alto to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arretts; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 2 r ft and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Time for " Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of Dublin,

" and for making the Procets of the Court of Exchequer " more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Addons, be now read.

And the Grid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a on?PoitHorses* Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 27th Year of presented. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners " of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to farm the " Duties granted by an Act:, made in the Twenty-fifth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to " Hire, for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons " as should be willing to contract: for the same And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Liverpool and Prt.cot Koa^s Hill, committed.

Harworth, or One of them, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

F.states allelled to the Land 'fax at £.3. 19 s. $\d.per

Annum, who refuted to sign the Bill; and alto, except the Owners of Kflates allelled at 11 f. 4'- d. per Annum, who were applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the

Inclosure is allelled to the Land Tax atjf. 89. 19 s.7 Id.

per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrollld.

And Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest Tomorrow Morning, is concerned in the said Bill;

The Lord Hawke/bury (by His Majesty's Command) The Lord Hazvkesbury presented to the House, pursuant Treaties of acquainted the House, That 11 is Majesty, having been to their Addresses to His Majesty, Madnd, pre-

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- Translation of a Treaty between his Catholic Majesty fented. lent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that and the Prince Regent of Portugal, signed at

June6th 1801: And also, Copy of a Treaty of Peace between the Repub-

lic and the Kingdom of Portugal, signed at Madrid the oth Fendemiaire Year Ten, 29th September 1801; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read. 1

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, " of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, " for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads

from Liverpool to Prefeot, Ashlon, and Warrington, and to be perused by the Members of the House.

Surrey and SulTex Roads Bill, reported, and again recommitted.

" other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster,"and to vary certain Parts of the Line of

the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lx* committed to General Gas-coyne, Mr. Bitickburneof Lancashire, 8cc.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Mel. lifhdo make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sttssex, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was re-committed.

The Copy of the last of the said Treaties is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Tran flat 10ns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix, (NOi 72.)

The Lord Hazvkesbury presented to the House, by His Additional Majesty's Command, £S*to*k

Copy of additional Articles, signed at the Convention

20/8 October 1801, to the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, concluded at St. Peters-btirghthe 17/5 June 1801; and Translation: And also.

Copy of Declaration explanatory of the Second Section of the Third Article of the Convention concluded at Petersburgh the 17/5 June 1801, between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, signed at Mofcozv the 20/8 October 1801; and Translation: And also.

Copy of Act of Accefllon of his Majesty the King of

Mr. Mellish accordingly reported from the said Com- Denmark and Norway to the Convention of the 17/5 June

mittee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Vol. 57.

1 So 1, and Acceptance of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and; and

Translation: And also,

Copy of Act of Accession of his Majesty the King of Szaeden to the Convention of the 17/5 June 1801, and Acceptance of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland-, and Translation.

Together

A. 1802.

Appnidtx,

(No. 73-)

(‘ojn'nV-c on Biii rrJ.i ti\e so repairing oi County

Foft Oiler Keg illation Bilt, preitnt-cd.

The Lords have agreed to

Wookey, Arc. Drainage Bill.

Jain s Nat. , Bill.

Doxat's Nat. Bdl.

Oldham Inclosure B.ll, uith in Amendment.

The Lords

have passed

Lr;a>M>v‘s KlUte Bill.

ii° M

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said I.iit was read.

Ordered, That the said Paj>ers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copies are preserved amongil the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re-medving certain DcfcCls in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cartwright took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cam aright reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, w hen the 1 louse will please to receive the same.

Orden d.That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vans.ttarlpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending lo much of an Act, passed in the 7'th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Poll, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Poll: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Ixnv Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, , Rodney-Stoke, We dmcre, Mear, IVcare, N\/and, Biddi/ham,

East Brail, South Brent, Cheddar, Compton Bishop,

Loxton, B lea don. Breast, Bercozv, and all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the Kiver Axe, within the said Parishes of Tdcadon, Lympfhani, Lox/ou, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, IVeare, and Ax bridge, some or one

of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mend Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Frauds; without any Amendment: And also.

The Ixmls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for divii ling, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waflo Grounds, within the Town lit ip of Oldham, in the Parish of Prejhvich-cum-Qldium, in the County Palatine

of Lane a tier; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb.

The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other 1 lereditaments at Scazvby, in tire County of Lincoln ' (Parr of the settled Estates of John Upp/dy, Esquire) for a Mdliiage and other Hereditaments at Wooten ,in the said County of Lincoln-, to which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this 1 Joule.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday lait, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, signed at Amiens, the 27th Day of March 1802, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Qucllion being pro-poled. That this House will take the said Treaty into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Qucllion, by leaving out the Word " 'Thursday," and inferring the Word " Friday " inllead thereof.

O >

And the Question being put. That the Word " day " Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas )

tellers for the Yeas, {Mf General: ] 75'

rp 11 r Xr fThe Earl Temple,

Tellers for he Noes, |Mr

Consideration of Definitive Treaty of Peace, de ferred.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main QuestioA being put;

Resolved, That this House will take the said Treaty into Consideration upon Thursd Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motions for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, she

that he will be graciouffy pleated to give Directions, Removal of that there be laid before this House, an Account of any Explanations which have taken place between His Ma- rertored!' C* jesty's Government and the Governments of the French (Neg.) or Batavian Republics, respecting the Removal or Transfer of British Property belonging to any Establishments

which have been formed by British Subjects in any of the Colonies, or Islands, which His Majesty has, by the Definitive Treaty of Peace, engaged to restore to the said Governments;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciouffy pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Memorials and Petitions presented by Persons interested in Effects and Property in the Settlements, Islands, and Colonies, in the West Indies, now about to be rellored to the different Powers of Europe;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Quantity and Value of Mahogany, and also of Logwood, and other Dying Woods, imported &c. imported, into Great Britain, in the several Years from 1787 to 1801, inclusive; distinguishing the Years, and the Countries from which the same were imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Gum Senega, Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega, Camwood, ic' iniPort"a-Ebony, and Redwood, imported into Great Britain from Africa, in the-Years 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1795.

/ t

A Motion was made, and the Qucllion being put. Motion for

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, ^efling that He wfill be graciouffy pleased to give Directions, Prohibitions that there be laid before this House, a Statement of any Trade or'1'* Information received by His Majesty's Government of Great Britain. Prohibitions affecting the Trade or Navigation of (NV£-)

Britain with any of the Countries with which His Majesty has lately concluded Treaties of Peace, imposed since the Signature of the Preliminary Articles;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply' was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had

directedL

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-cth; viz.

seamen. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eighty-eight Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d Day of May 1802, including Eighteen Thousand Marines.

Wages for D° Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Sixty-two Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said Eighty-eight Thousand Men, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d Day of May 1802, at One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

VictualsforD* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Sixty-leven Thousand Two Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said Eighty-eight Thousand Men, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d Day of May 1802, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

WrarandTear Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee, of ships. That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Sixty-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships, in which the said Eighty-eight Thousand Men are to lerve, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d Day of 1802, at Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Ordnance for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tea service. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service, on board the Ships in which the said Eighty-eight Thousand Men are to serve, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 22d Day of May 1802, at Five Shillings per Man per Month.

Land Force* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Seven Thousand One hundred and Seventy-five'Invalids, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand One hundred and Seventy-six Effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned OlHcers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Jersey and Alderney, from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days.

D» Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of I>and Forces, including Six hundred and Sixty-one Invalids, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-nine Effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of May 1S02 to the 24th Day <'f June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ciai That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Two

Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty-five Pounds Filteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge ot Sixty-one thousand One hundred and Seventy-six Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay anil daily Allowance of Commissioned Oilicers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Chaigenf Clouthing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge ot Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th Day 1802 to

the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for ndming their Numbers.

T '<» Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one Thousand One Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for de-\ ot. 57.

fraying the Charge of Twenty-three thousand Two hundred and Sixty-nine Effective Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, to be maintained in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay and daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; and for Farrier}'; from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; p* in Planta-That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Ninety- tl0ns' &e‘ fix Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay and daily Allowance of* the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers; from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of June following*

both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fencible That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Four antrj* Hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establishment; and for their Reduction.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cofnmittee, D« in Ireland. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their pre-lent Establishment; and for their Reduction.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Thirty-three Thousand Three I lundred and Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, for the Month of June 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* b° in Ireland. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, for the Month of June 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances to That Provision be made for making Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied C‘° 1, W*

in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Year 1802.

The laid ltesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for B;l> continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, e 1‘ intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;

" and for the better Payment of the Army and their " Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands " of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Afar.And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and the Lord

Glenbervie, do prepare, anti bring in, the fame.

3 T

A. 1804

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered*

Ordered, That Lave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Sc (lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's " Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth " Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two And that Mr. II iliiam Eliot, Mr. Markham, Mr. shore, and Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the tiune.

A-nnoof Ordered, That there be ljiid before this House, an HrinprnV irn. Account of the Quantity of Linen and Hempen Yarn Ac. imrwtctl, imported into Great Britain, for Ten Years preceding D.JtuJ. j|lc -th ot January 1S02; distinguishing each Year; and the Places from whence imported; and the Value thereof respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Flax and Hemp, and of Flax and Hemp Seed, imported into Great Britain, for the Ten Years preceding the 5th of January 1802; dii-tinguilliing each Year; and the Places from whence imported; and Values thereof respectively.

Militia Pay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bii), purled. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a licences'to Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, i-»ttcry.oiHce made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His pretent Ma-Ktipers. jetty, for licensing Lottery-Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

Mr. Sjoeaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to teveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloute will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The I louie, according to Order, resolved itself into a Act rrfpeit- Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, Legacies"0" made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cales.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Lave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

rmumlttrc on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a in^Poita'c* Committee of the whole House, to consider ot several g 0 Acts, made in the 4th, 24th, and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, respecting the Potlage of Letters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair, of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing further Bounties on Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pjeale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on Aledicines fold under such Licences, or ynder the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12 die Maii;

Anno 420 Georgii III111 Regis, 1802.

PR AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Aleadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Eller/on, in the Parish of E/lerton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Aleadows, Pastures, Commons, and \Vafle Grounds, within the Township of in the

Parish

Committee on

Bounties ou KehacJSu^ari

Committee dti Medicine Duties Adh

MilituOflrcerS Allowances Bill, deferred.

Irish Mariners Bill, deferred.

F.llerton Inclosure Bill, passed.

42 Geo. III. 12° Mail. 439

Parish of Eikrton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry LafceUes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CatfieM, &c. Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to Dr^una^c Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reported. Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors whole Estates are aiTdied to the Poors Rate at £. 8. 6s. 8 d. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interestedln the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.292. I2j. 6d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Lis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'Tharfton Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee*

J to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tharston, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second "l ime, One by One; and, upon the Question ievcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scivcrby'amI A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open incioUn-e Bill ant‘ Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com-committed. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Towmships or Hamlets of Saver by and Marten, and within the Manor of Sczverby~citm-Marton,m in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry LafceUes, Mr. PVilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

FI iv.ton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open iiiiMure Bill, Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common,

arKj \\ alle Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Fit. Mon, otherwise Fleece ton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed' to Mr. Henry LafceUes, Y1 r. Wilberforce, be.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

VOL. 57.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords/intituled, An Act iTppfcby> for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage Bil,f and other Hereditaments at Sc aw by, in the County of Lincoln (Part of the settled Estates of John Uppleby,

Esquire) for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooton, in the said County of Lincoln, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according to Tlmrfo liar-Order, a Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of Thurso, in the v County of Caithness: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Sinfin Moor, and certain Common Meadow's thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common of Waste Ground, called Sinfin Floor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sinfin Moor Inclosure Bill, passed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Glover's to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devi fees in Trull under the Will of Glover, late of Kin? Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Tears, of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate deviled by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court Hull seem reasonable, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, Temple Bar, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, passed in the reported. 35th, 38th, and in the 39th and 40th Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street, or Passage, at Snow Hill; and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Joseph Cooper, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had. considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;.and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Canlington the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadow's, and p"[fojtu‘e other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of Bedford, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common "Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable

12° Man. A. 1802.

monable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Osborn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Stretford'* An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-Ko*ds ]ng anj enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the , p t.e.. 2ill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " amending and widening the Roads hading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New " Inn, hi the Parish of Winftanftow, the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near " Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County of " Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty secondTear of the Reign of His present Ma-

tc jessy, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to " Aymstrey Bridge," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Winftanftow, the County of Salop; and

" also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near Mortimer's " Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County of Hereford; " and for repeating so much of an , made in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of His present , as relates

" to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey " Bridge."

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

UaniVill, &c. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, piled. and \\afte Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ranjkill, in the Parish of Bly/h, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Oj>cn Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ranjkill, in the Parish of and the Township and

Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepout do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

s.hlfv. Ar. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure Bill, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and ' Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Saltlcy and

i>'cod, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of and Wash-

wood, in the Pari 111 of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George William

Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

( hapnnn's Mt.ue Hill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the lettled Estate of Rich , Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unlettled Estate in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr jck, Mr. Gere Langton,&c.: And they ate to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Field Crop*, Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, ^^mitted. made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing lb much of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the dealing or destroying of Turnips, and for " the more effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parships, Peale,

" and Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. William Eliot (from the Lords Commissioners of Estimates the Admiralty) presented to the House, pursuant to their patented 1 Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Ordinary and Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for One Lunar Month, Extra Nay,* commencing 2ill May 1802: And also.

An Estimate of the Money that will be necessary for Transports, the Payment of the Hire of Transports; and for the Dif- &c* charge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 21st and 17 th June 1802, being One Lunar Month.

Mr. William Eliot also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of tire Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners sick Prisoner* of War, for One Lunar Month, commencing 2iftotWar' ' May 1802.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie.upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 74.)

A Petition of the Maltsters, or Makers of Malt, within Petitions of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: -pe^eitury And also, respectuig

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Maltsters of the making 01 City of Gloucester-,

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That b\ an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, it is Enacted, That no Maltster, or Maker of Malt, shall wet, wrater, or sprinkle, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation, after the same 111 all have been taken out of the Cistern, Uting-Vat, or other Vessel used for fteening such Corn or Grain, until the full Expiration of Twelve Days, under the Penalty ot ^.zoc; and that it is impossible for the Petitioners, who make pale Malt for Ale and Beer, and not for Porter, to make their Malt according to the Directions of the above-mentioned Clause without loitaining a very material Injur)'; for that, if the Malt was to remain without being wetted Twelve Days after being taken out of the Ciilern, the greater Part of it mull inevitably spoil and peril'll: And therefore praying the House to take their Cate into Consideration; and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall ieem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart presented to the House, ac- Lotteries Bill, cording to Order, a Bill lor granting to His Majesty a

certain

Report on Att* respe£t ing Pottage.

42 Geo. IIL t26 Mali. 441

certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries: he shall have previously given Notice in Writing to the

And the same was received; and read the First Postmaster General in London or Dublin.

Time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. That any Person whatever be permitted to fend printed

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed News-

upon Friday Morning next. papers, by the Pott, from Great Britain to , and

also printed Newspapers from Ireland to Great Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported and that the Sum of One Penny only be charged for the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Carriage of each printed Vote, or Proceeding in Parlia-referred to conGder of several Acts, made in the 4th, ment, or printed Newspaper, lb as such printed Votes,

24th, and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, jesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, respecting when so lent, be open at both Ends thereof respecthe Postage of Letters, the llesolutions which the Com- tively.

mittee had directed him to report to the House; which The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are agreed to by the House.

as followeth; viz. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry,

That every Member of either House of Parliament shall Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Hiley Addington, do

be allowed to fend by the Poll, free from the Duty of prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Postage; during the Sitting of Parliament, or within

Forty Days before, or Forty Days after, any Suni- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-mons or Prorogation of the fame, any Number of tording to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in pre eat Letters and Packets, not exceeding Ten in any One this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for pu-iDay, and not exceeding the Weight of One Ounce " nishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better each, and shall be allowed to receive, free from the " Payment of the Army and their Quarters within the said Duty, during the Sitting of Parliament, of within United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

Forty Days before, or Forty Days after; any Summons or " AlderSark, and Man :" And the same was re-Prorogation of the fame, any Number of Letters and ceived; and read the First Time.

Packets, not exceeding Fifteen in any One Day, and not Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

exceeding the Weight of One Ounce each, and so as Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

such Letters or Packets be directed to such Member at Tomorrow Morning,

the Place where lie shall actually be at the Time of the

Deiivery thereof, or at his usual Place of residence in Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- BiUto*ccept London, or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby Cording to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to avail of the House of Parliament, of which he shall be a himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Yeomanry and Member. Corps to continue their Services: And the same was Volunteer

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, received; and read the First Time. rented.pre*

That no Letter or Packet directed by any Member of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

either House of Parliament, shall be exempt from the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Duty of Postage, unless the Whole Superscription upon upon Monday Morning next, such Letter or Packet shall be of the Hand-Writing of Ordered, That the said Bill be printed, the Member directing the fame, and shall have indorsed

thereon the Name of such Member, together with the The House was moved. That the Order, made upon English Name of the Poll Town from which the same is intended Mondaylaft, for taking into further Consideration, To- Bil'>

to be lent, and the Day, Month, and Year, when the morrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole de n same shall be put into the Poll Office, the Day of the House, to whom the Bill for amending the Laws relating Month to be in Words at Length, and the Whole to be to the Militia in and for augmenting the Mi-

of the Hand-Writing of the Member; and unless every litia, was re-committed, might be read, such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Poll And the said Order being read accordingly;

Office, or other Poll Office, or any Receiving House, or Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Place appointed for the Receipt of Letters and Packets Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

to be forwarded by the Poll, on the Day of the Date put Consideration upon Friday Morning next, on such Letter or Packet, and unless the Member whose

Name shall be indorsed thereon shall actually be in the Mr. William Eliot presented to the.House, according Marine Town, into the Poll Office of which such Letter or Packet to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in this shall be put, or within Twenty Miles of such Poll Town, Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regu-on the Day, or the Day before the Day, on which such " lation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore,

Letter or Packet shall be put into the Poll Office. " until the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " Eight hundred and Two:" And the same was received;

That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Act or and read the First Time.

Acts of Parliament, are authorized, in Right of their Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time,

respective Offices or Employments, to send and receive Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, shall Tomorrow Morning, and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the said Duty. Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Duties on

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Jjj*nces That every Member of either House of Parliament be referred to consider of an. Act, made in the 22d Year of C*

allowed to fend printed Votes, Proceedings in Parlia- the Reign of His present Majesty, for licensing Lottery reported, ment, or printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Postage, so as the same be sent without Covers, or in Tickets, the Resolutions which the Committee had Covers open at the Sides, and signed on the Outside by directed him to report to the House; which he read in the Hand of such Member; and every such Member his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's may authorize printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-and printed Newspapers, to be sent by the Poll free from eth; viz.

the Duty of Poftaee, addressed to him at such Place as Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 57. ~ 5 U Th*t

Report on

Medicine Duties Act.

Th.it the Duties on Licences granted to Lottery Office Keeners, shall ceal'e and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds be charged upon every Licence granted to any Lottery Office Keeper within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles thereof respectively.

Rish/ved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds be charged upon every' Licence granted to any Lottery Office Keeper to keep One Office only in any other Part of Great Britain or I rebind.

Rtf jived, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds be charged upon every other Licence granted to any Lottery Office Keeper for every Office in any Place not within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles thereof respectively.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent, the Resolutions which the Committee had dire cted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inciolure, containing any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Eflcnces, Tinctures, Powders, and other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, uled or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention or Cure, or Belief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in any.viie adeeming, the Human Body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, shall ccafe and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for ami upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inciolure, containing any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Li fences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, uled or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting, the Human Body, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty, according to the Rates following; that is to say: Where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inciolure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall not exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Penny Halfpenny; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inciolure afore-ihid, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Sixpence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pence; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inciolure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and under the Price or Value of Four Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Sixpence; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of Four Shillings, and under the Price or Value of Ten Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Shilling; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of Ten Shillings, and under the Price or Value of Twenty

Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings; :and where, any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of Twenty Shillings, and under the Price or Value of One Pound Ten Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Iticlosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of One Pound Teh Shillings, and under the Price or Value of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, there shall be charged -a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be of the Price or Value of Fifty Shillings, or upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Twenty Sinkings. . ... t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person in Great Britain uttering or vending any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparations or Gompositions whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used. or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting, the Human Body, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every Licence so taken out by any such Person, who shall reside within the Cities of London or Westminster, the Borough of Southwark or within the Limits of the Twopenny Post, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings; and for and upon every Licence, so taken out by any other such Perlen, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolut ions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having been incorporated by Act of Parliament, have endeavoured to establish a British Colony at Sierra Leone, with a View of

contributing to the Civilization of Africa, and promoting a more extended Trade in African Produce; and that a considerable Number of Black Colonists from Nova Scotia, and also of Maroons from Jamaica, have been admitted into the said Settlement, by the Reception of whom the British Government has been released

from

Committee of Way* and Means.

Petition of the Sierra Leone Company, fer Leave to present a Petition for Afliltanee.

from Expence, and the Company subjected to great Burthens; and that the Petitioners, through the War as well as other Causes, have met with heavy Losses, and have been for tome Time unable to maintain their African HlbibJishment without Aid from Parliament; and that the real'onable Hopes of Success which the Petitioners had entertained have been hitherto frustrated, chiefly by the War, and other temporary Causes; and that the Petitioners have lately received Advice of an Attack on the Colony having been made by the Natives of Africa, in conllquence of which the Completion of the Fort, and the Maintenance of some Military Force, appear to have become absolutely necessary to the Security of the Settlement, and to the due Protection of the Colonilts; and that the Petitioners submit to the Judgment of the House, that the Objects which they have had in View will be much more effectually promoted, if Parliament Avail think proper to enlarge the Sum which they have been pleased Annually to grant towards the Maintenance of the Civil Establishment of the Company; and that the Petitioners conceive that, besides the Considerations already spoken of, very important National Objects may be promoted by the firm Establishment of a British Colony at Sierra Leone; and that the above-mentioned Advices from Sierra Leone were not received until after the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition, for the Purpose above mentioned.

** schrcru Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir-

cumliances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Petition Then a Petition of the Court of Directors of the

patented* Sierra Leone Company, being offered to be presented to the 1 h >ule;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying the House, after Examination of the Premises, to grant such Belief as shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Arden, Lord Viscount Cafllereagh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account of The Lord Hawke dairy presented to the House, pur-

£vtr:&c.suant to their order>

of Malta,' ' An Account of the Territorial Revenues and Com-presented. mercial Duties, collected within the Islands of

Gozo, and Comino, previous to the Occupation of the Fort Valetteby the French in the Year 1798.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, . to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be fulneient for the life of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this bullion.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

have agreed to QyJ

Mr. Speaker,

Wfcatcote The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure Bill. por dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Whatcote, in

Vol. 57.

the County of Warwick j without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Halvergste for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, IndofureBUfc Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of gate, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* vesting the Estates late of Frederick James Esqtlire, have

deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and devised by his Will in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

A Motion w.as made, and the Question being put. Motion for That there be laid before this House, a Statement of Accounts the Acquisitions made, or pretended to be made, on the Coast of Coromandel and Orixa, by his Mofl Christian (Keg.) Majesty or his Subjects, between the Years 1748 and 1763;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Revenue of Government Customs in the Bengal Provinces, from the Acquisition of the Dewannee to the present Time, as far as the same can be ascertained; distinguishing each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Price of Salt in Calcutta, fixed by the President and Council in 1768;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Revenue annually raised upon Salt in the Bengal Provinces, from the Acquisition of the Dewannee to the present Time, as far as the same can be ascertained; in- eluding the Rents of the Salt Farms; and distinguishing the Duties on Foreign Salt, and the Rate of the said Duties in each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Maunds of Salt Petre annually delivered to the Company's Agents in the Bengal Provinces, together with the Average Coll thereof per Maund in each Year, from the Acquisition of the Dewannee to the present Time, as far as the same can be ascertained; including, and distinguishing, the Quantities allowed to the Foreign Companies respectively, and the Price charged for the same per Maund in each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Chests of Opium annually fold or exported by the Company, together with the Average Coll, and Profit or Loss upon the same per Chest in each Year, from the Acquisition of the Dewannee to the present Time, as far as the same can be ascertained; including, and distinguishing, the Quantities allowed to the Foreign Companies respectively, and the Price charged for the fam c per Chest in each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, all such Paragraphs in the Dispatches from Bengal as relate to Claims of the French Company, from the Year 1765 to 1787, both inclusive;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion.

444 »2°

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Governor General's Minute in the Secret Conlultations of July 31It 1775, on Mr. Francis's Proposal to insert in the General Letter, then under Consideration, a Paragraph connected with the French Claims;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Statement of Claims made by the Dutch to obstruct the Navigation , of the British Subjects in the Eaflem Seas, previous to the Definitive Treaty between Great Britain and the United Provinces in 1784;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to order a Copy of the Treaty of Alliance entered into between the French and Batavian Republics in the Year 1795, to be communicated to this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Bill to amend Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter

Act, reported. \ 7. . ,_r r TT.

and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, " the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the IVefiIndia Dock Company thereby established, was committed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

P #

on Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing further Bounties on Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Average Price of Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, taken according to the Directions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Ilcign of His present Majesty, shall be below Forty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of One Shilling shall be payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of every One Hundred Weight of such Sugar; and whenever the Average Price of such Sugar shall be below Forty Shillings per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of Two Shillings shall be payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of every One Hundred Weight of such Sugar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Average Price of Refined Sugar in Loaf* complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, taken according to the Directions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, shall be below Forty-five Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of One Shilling shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland of every One Hundred Weight of such Sugar; and whenever the Average Price of such Sugar shall be below Forty Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of Two Shillings shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland of every One Hundred Weight of such

u

Sn^ar.

Mail. 180a.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto* by leaving out the Words " Refined " Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly " refined," and inserting the Words " Raw or " vado Sugar," instead thereof; by leaving out the Words such Sugar," and inserting the Words " Re-

fined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump " duly refined," instead thereof; by inserting, after the Second Word " such," the Words " Raw or "vadof and by inserting, after the Third Word " such," the Word " Refined."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, whenever the Average Price of Raw or Mufcavado Sugar, taken according to the- Directions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be below Forty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of One Shilling shall be payable cm the Exportation from Great Britain of every One Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined; and whenever the Average Price of such Raw or Mufcavado Sugar shall be below Forty Shillings per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of Two Shillings shall be payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of every One Hundred Weight of such Refined Sugar.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump " duly refined," and inserting the Words " Raw or " Mufcavado Sugar," instead thereof; by leaving out the Words " such Sugar,"1 and inserting the Words " Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump " duly refined," instead thereof; and after the Second Word " such," inserting the Words " Raw or " vado."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, whenever the Average Price of Raw or Mufcavado Sugar, taken according to the Directions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, shall be below Forty-five Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of One Shilling shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland of every One Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined; and whenever the Average Price of such Raw or Mufcavado Sugar shall be below Forty Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of Two Shillings shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland of every One Hundred Weight of such Sugar.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Riley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee or. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proJi't!onai1''" consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th Year Cavalry, of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act (lcterre<i*

" to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the " Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign.

" of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional " Force of Cavalry; and for making further Provision " respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of " this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied," as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A The

Supply,

deferred.

Bill for Fanning the Duties onPoflHorlcs, committed.

Bill relative to repairing of County Bridges, deterred.

Foft Office Regulation Bill, committed.

Irith Mariners Bill, deterred.

Feilden's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

445

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for " the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horles let to Hire for traveiling Foil, and by Time, to such Persons as should " be willing to contract for the fame," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet sent by the Port, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Poll, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 130 die Maii;

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 180a.

Prayers.

MR. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to John Feilden, Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of Cinfer, deviled by the Will of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, dcccafed; and for substituting, and settling in lieu thereof, certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall; and for veiling the Purchase Money for the said Estates in the County of Chefer in the said Anna Alaria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of -Vol. 57.

wall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had -given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to Report the Bill'to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Tifne.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Quorum of

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Com- the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Court of Directors jyem'Leone* of the Sierra Leone Company is referred. . company's

Petition.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com- Churcham mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- reported. ' doling, the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, re* lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hoyfc.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Viscount Folkcfionereported from the Com- West Grin-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosure Bill, laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, reported. Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of West Grinfeadand White Parifi, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure; had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Viscount Folkefonc reported from the Com- CoombeByfet mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and reported! laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields,

Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe By Jet, otherwise Biffett, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that,

5 X the

Worthington, &c. IncloAirc Bill, passed.

Hamit ton'* Estate Bill, read.

Petition of the Medway Navigation Company, against Medway Navigation Bill.

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at. £.1. 19 r. 9 { d.who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 5. 5 1 |

who were neuter; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 1.8 s.6{d. who could not be met with; and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.74. nr. 9 d.\and that no Personappeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and -

on the-Hill, all in the Parish of Breedm-on-the-H.Ul, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 3. To leave out from " Ad" to " and, " in 1. 9.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and Brecdon-fn-the-Hill, and Town lb ip of , all in the Parish

of Breedon-on-the-Hill, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston, Williamston, Barncluth, Udston, Birdsfield, Bellsfield, and

Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton, of Pencaitland, Esquire, upon the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same; and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 3^d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River A.fedway,- from the Town of through

the several Purishes of Alaidstone, Boxley, Aliington, and Aylesford, in the County of and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River; and Setting forth, That the Advantages, if any, arising from the Works proposed by the Bill, can be participated only by Persons who do or may navigate the said River with Vessels and Barges of larger Burthen than those uled by the Petitioners, the Locks on that Part of the Navigation of the said River, of which they are Proprietors (and which Locks are Fourteen in Number) not allowing for a Vessel of more than Forty Tons

Burthen to pass the fame, and all the Vessels employed by the Petitioners are built of that Size; and that the Petitioners will be materially injured should they be compelled to pay any further Tolls or Duties for navigating the said River, within the Distriift mentioned in the said Act of the 3 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, than those which they are liable to pay by the Provisions of the same Act: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Rights and Interests; and that Provision may be made therein for exempting the Petitioners from the Payment of any additional Rates or Duties that may be laid by such intended Act; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour Of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Macdonald and Mr. Baron Hot ham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Hcnllan, in the County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lord ship or Liberty of in the

Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Augustus Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby

to

The Lords have agreed t*

Bill for settling Annuities on the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge.

The Lords have agreed to

Henllan Inclosure Bill*

Swinfcoe Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment,

Effingham Inclosure recommitted Bill, reported.

Wirksworth Road Petition, reported.

4.2 Geo. III. 13 Man. 447

to Braffington, at, or near to, a Place Called Cross the Handy on Hulland IVa and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Poll on IVirkfwort Moor, to Matlock Bath, at,

or near to, a Place called The Steeple , in the Town j ship of IVirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of

whole Names are thereto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

' . to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — And,

Mr. Rickards luce, being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act described; but find that several of the Powers granted by the said Act are dvfeftive, and require Amendment; and, that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the 'l olls arising by virtue of the said Act, which (till remain due and unpaid: — And the Witness added. That 1 the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept

» in Repair, nor can the Money now due on the Credit of the Toils be discharged,. unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " Moot Hall, in JVirkto the Turnpike Road " leading from Din by to at or near a Place

" called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and

also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another " Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on fVirkfnorth Moor, to Matlock , at, or near to, a Place " called The Steeple House, in the Township of JVirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of DerbyAnd that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mm dydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Landowner* Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are against thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates in the Sewerby and Townships or Hamlets of Seiverby and Marton, on Behalf lndofune Bill. of themselves, and other Proprietors of Estates in the same Townships or . Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Seiverby and Marton, and within the Manor of Sewerby-am-Marto>1,in the Parish of Brid-

lington, in the Kaift Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against Inch Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents,' before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That all have Voices who coihe to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Kidwelly tering arid enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in *

the 5th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the Coifnty of Carmarthen, so far as relates to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Ponl-y-Grinbinlwyd-ar-Gwilly, to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lais, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, lb far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Pont-y-Gribenlwyd-ar-Gwilly, to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lais, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Sir James Hamlyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- inclosure Bill, mons, and Waste Grounds, within the' Township of 8ree‘*to* Oldham, in the Parish of PreJhvich-cum-O in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 24. Leave out from " Soil" to the End of the Clause.

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire reported from the Com- Liverpool mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Street* Peti-and Common Council, of the Town and Corporation of tlon, rePom Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for the Improvement of any City or Town, had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the* Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Foster being examined, said. That by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make, open, and widen certain Streets and Places, in the said Act particularly mentioned, and, for that Purpose, were allowed the Space of Twenty Years from the passing of the Act. — And being further examined, he laid. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of such Power, but have not as yet completed the fame; and

that

Marine Mutiny Bill, committed.

Bill relative to repairing of County Bridges, reported.

Report on Petition rc!a-ti\c to Sligo Paving, eve. Bill, further confide red.

Report Ways and Means.

that the Petitioners were also cn trailed, by the same Act, with other Powers relating to the Improvement of the Town, but have by Experience found, that many of the Provisions of the said Act are by no means adequate to the Evils they were meant to remedy; and that further Provisions are also wanted to meet other Evils; and that Power to ered and establish Markets, and to open and widen certain other Streets, will tend to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering, " certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town " of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for " supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome " Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and " Annoyances therein; lor appointing additional Market " Pi aces; and for extending so much of the Powers of " an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, " as. relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, " and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Townfor opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets; and for further improving the said Town of; and for providing and establishing Markets therein: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancaflnre, General Gascoyne, and

Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on " Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cartwright, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law's relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which wras made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wynne, Esquire, was referred.

And the said Report was again read.

And the llesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Ioufe.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same rwere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, being One Million Six Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Pounds Irish Currency, be raised by Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Contributor to the said Sum shall, for every Ninety-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eleven Pence contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One Hundred Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of £.3. 1 or. per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of December 1801, or, at his Option, be entitled to have and receive a Debenture from the Treasury of Ireland, for the Principal Sum of/. 100, bearing an Interest of £-3- 10 s.per Centum per to commence from the said 25th Day of December 1S01:

That the said Annuities, after the Rate of 3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, shall be added to, and made One-Joint Stock with, the present f. 3. 10 per Centum Annuities, and be payable and transferable at the Bank of Ireland, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities:

That the said Annuities, or the Interest on the said Debentures, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland:

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 15th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit of £. 10 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe, either with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or with the Teller and Cashier of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to lay:

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 18th Day of June 1802;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of then next following;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of then next following;

/. 15 per Centum on or before the 27 th Day of September then next following £. 10 per Centum on or before the 23d Day of Oilolcr then next following;

£. 1; per Centum on or before the 27th Day of November then next following; And,

£. 1 5 per Centum on or before the 30th Day of December then next following:

That every Contributor who Hull make any of the Payments aforesaid before the Times they are respectively payable, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sum lb advanced, to be computed from the Day of paying in the same to the Time the same is payable as aforesaid:

That all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and, together with any other Monies-received for Debentures as herein before-mentioned, shall be carried to, and form Part of, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1802, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

The

Railing a Snm by Annuities for Ireland.

Tenns of railing the lame.

Allowances to Adjutants, &c.of Milito.

449

Frankine Bill* presented.

Committee on Bill for Farming the Duties «n Polt Horses.

Committee on Poll Office Regulation

Bill.

Mutiny Bill, committed.

The said Hesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a bill be brought in upon the Two First Reloiutions of the said Committee: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry, Mr. Nicholas and

Mr. HUey Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the subsequent Resolution of the said Committee: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Glen-bervie, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ao cording to Order, a Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Port, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named, and for reducing the Portage on Inch Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reflved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve i11 clt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the' " Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire, " for travelling Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the lame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Port; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Port, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fiune.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing an Act, made in Vot. 57.

this Session of Parliament, intituled, Cf An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better " Payment of the Army and their Quarters within the " United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guenfey, " Alderney, Sark, and Man," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made ar. Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, signed at Amiens, the 27th Day of March 1802.

And the said Definitive Treaty was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to ashire His Majesty, that we have taken into our most serious Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace which His Majesty has been graciously pleated to communicate to this House:

That we acknowledge, with all Humility and Sub-mirtion, His Majesty's undoubted Prerogative of Peace and War: And that we shall consider it to be our first Duty, as far as may depend on us, to maintain inviolate the Public Faith, as it is pledged by this Treaty, and to assist His Majesty in performing, with Uprightness and Punftuality, the Engagements into which His Majesty has been advised to enter:

But that we cannot conceal the painful Apprehensions with which we consider the Relult of those Engagements; nor can we forbear to offer to His Majesty our humble and dutiful Advice for the Adoption of such Measures as can alone, in our Opinion, under the Blessing of Providence, avert from us the Dangers with which we are now surrounded:

That it is impossible for us to have seen, without the utmost Anxiety and Alarm, all the unexampled Circumstances which have attended the final Conclusion of the present Peace: — The extensive and important Sacrifices, which, without any corresponding Concession, this Treaty has added to those already made on our Part by the Preliminary Articles: — The unlooked-for and immense Accessions of Territory, Influence, and Power, which it has tacitly confirmed to — The nume-

rous Subjects of clalhing Interest and unavoidable Dit-pute which it has left entirely unadjusted: And, above

Y all.

Commirtee on Irish Indemnity Bill.

M(h Manner*

Bill, dcfeiTcii.

Definitive Treaty of Peace, confide red.

Motion for an

Address thereupon.

Debate on an Amendment, adjourned.

all, those continued and systematic Projects of Aggran-disement, of which, in the very Moment of Peace, we have fecn, unhappily, such undeniable and convincing Evidence:

That, by relinquishing so many Sources of Prosperity in Peace, and so many Bulwarks of Defence in War, and, by renouncing, at the same Time, the Advantage and Security always hitherto derived from the accustomed Renewal of former Treaties, the Government has

imposed on itself a greater Necessity than has ever before existed for Measures of.increased Precaution, and for Determinations of unlhaken Constancy:

That we, therefore, rely on His Majesty's paternal Wisdom for a watchful and unremitted Attention to the Situation and future Conduct of the Power with whom we have negociated; and we think it necessary more especially to allure His Majesty of our ready and firm Support in that Determination which, we trust, His Majesty will henceforward Readily pursue, of refilling every fresh Encroachment (of whatever Nature) which shall be attempted on the Maritime, Commercial, or Colonial Rights and Interefis of the Empire:

This our solemn Declaration, mull, as we believe, materially conduce to prevent the Necessity which it is calculated to meet; and we trust that His Majesty will ailo approve of our Desire to support it by a Scale of Naval and Military Defence, adequate to the Extent of our Danger, and to the Importance of the Interests which we have to maintain:

The Anxiety which we feel in this respect, is the necessary Consequence of our sincere Wilh for the Permanence of the Public Tranquillity which His Majesty has now re-established: And it is for the same important Purpol'e, that we also moll earnestly recommend to His Majesty s Wisdom the prclfing Necessity of arranging, by immediate and amicable Discussion, those Points of essential interest which had been adjusted by former Treaties, but for which no Provision has been made in this Negociation:

These Councils we submit to His Majesty with Confidence, in the present awful Crisis of Public Affairs, prepared to meet with Firmness all the Difficulties and Dangers of our present Situation, but desirous, above all Things, to promote the Stability and Security of real Peace , the Obje<fl which it has been His Majesty's benevolent Desire, by such extensive Sacrifices, to enlure to His loyal and affectionate People.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the first Word " That," in the Second Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to inlert these Words: " We have already dedared our full Approbation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by His Majesty's Command, " were laid before this House; and we are satisfied that " His Majesty has, on the Whole, wifely consulted the " Interests of His People in having concluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Basis of these Prelimiturics: That, although we deeply lament the " calamitous Events which have taken place on the " Continent of Europe in the Course of the W'ar, we " cannot but refledf, with the ut moll Satisfaction, that " the wild and dcllructive Designs W'ith which this " C'ountry was threatened at its Commencement, have " been effectually frullrated: That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preservd entire, but u valuable and important Acquisitions have been an- nexed to them: 'Hurt our Commercial and Maritime " Superiority have been maintained and improved; and " that we continue in the confirmed Post'eflion of those " Means of Exertion which the Experience of the late " Contest has proved more than ever to be equal, even " amidst the new and unexampled Difficulties of other " Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, " and assert the Honour of this Country: That, im- prefle l with these Sentiments, wc are, on our Parts, u tarncllly iblicitous to cultivate and improve the 3

" Blessings of Peace, and to concur in such Measures " as His Majesty, in His Wisdom, shall judge to be " bell calculated to prevent Occasions of MisunderHanding with Foreign Powers: That we rely on His Majesty's known Disposition to adhere, with the most " scrupulous Fidelity, to His Engagements; but that " we entertain, at the same Time, a perfect Confidence, " that His Majesty will not fail to employ that Vigilance " and Attention which the present Situation of Europe " demands; and, above all, that His Majesty will be " uniformly determined, and prepared to defend, against " every Encroachment, the great Sources of the Wealth, " Commerce, and Naval Power of the Empire: That " we are fully persuaded that His Majesty's faithful " Subjects will, at all Times, be ready to support the " Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the Rights, " Laws, and Liberties of their Country, with the same " Zeal, Energy, and Fortitude, which they have invariably manifelled during the War now happily " brought to a Conclusion."

And the Question being proposed, That the Words proposed to be left out. Hand Part of the Question;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And the House having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te,lc.for theYea,{^"?- W

-t1 11 r .1. tvt (Mr. William )

TeUere for the Noes, Sargent: i *37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Venerisy 14® die Maii;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter Henley Bridge ing and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Bill, read the Majesty King George the Second, and in the 21st Year ThirdTime* of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and a Place called Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Coal Exchange, Petition of in the City of London, was presented to the House, and *!,oPret0I.s of read; Taking Notice of the Bill for establishing a free change* X Market in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and againitLon-for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend of all MariS Bill. Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners will be very materially injured; and that if the present Days and Hours of Business at the Coal Exchange were altered, or increased.

1

4

Petitions against Cul-iuin Road and Bridge Bill.

Inhabitants of Dorchester, ic.

Tmftces, See. of Henley Bridge Road.

flavor, &c. of Wallingford.

Trusteet, ire. of Slid ling-ford Road.

Mayor, Sec. of Henley upon Thames.

Trustees, Scc. of Henley Bridge.

451

it would be attended with very serious Inconvenience to the Trade at large, and no possible Benefit to the Public would rel'ult from such Alteration: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Coun-fcl, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights and Interests, and that the same may not pal's into a Law as it now (lands; or that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House may feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Inhabitants of the Places called Dorchester, Ben/ington, and

NettlebeJ,in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees or Creditors of a certain Turnpike Road leading from in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And aiib,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under or by virtue of certain Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th Years of the Reign of I Jis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County

ot Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River 'Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and other the Trullees and Creditors of the same Road: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Burgesses, of the Town of in the County of Oxford, in Common Hall assembled, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Town: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trullees and Creditors of a certain Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, called Hudey Bridge;

W ere l'everally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish ol Culham, in the County of Oxford, to and through the Parishes of and Hagborne, in

the County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from into the

Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks-, and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or lfis, at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks; and Setting forth. That there are many Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which will be very detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, and that the same may not pal's into a Law as it now Hands; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall i'eem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to St. Anne's whom the Bill for completing the re-building of the

Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Bill, reported. Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and

a new Vellry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing the said Church, and improving the Church-yard; and for making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. v

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Bill to incor-Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by KenUnfu-a Charter, a Company to be called The Kent ranee Com-.

Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loft or Pre‘ Damage by Fire; and for other Purposes relating the reto: en e‘ '

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrofi'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Effingham . that Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the inclosure Bill, Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, passed, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and iaclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common, which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Surrey and whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George mined Bill, the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads lead- reposing from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to High-gate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was again re-committed; That the Committee had made some further Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk's Table? Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition of Liverpool Waterworks, was presented to the House, 0^verpool and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling certain Waterworks, Persons in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to ered an Exchange there for the Accom- Bill, modation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for

incorporating

Styrrup, OM-

ioats, &c. In-ciofnrc Bill, pilled.

Pruti^n of M.*ltltrrs of W:4i-uickf ^UHCting the raking Gf M.dt.

Manure Bill, pulled.

140 Mail. A. 1802.

incorporating the Proprietors thereof; and Setting forth. That by virtue of an A<5V, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water from certain Springs in the Township of Boo, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Petitioners have at a great Expence, laid Pipes, and made other Works for carrying Water to several Parts of the Town of Liverpool, for the Use and Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof; and that the said Bill contains divers Allegations, Powers, and Provisions, which would be highly injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Allegations, Powers, and Provisions; and that proper Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill for laving the Rights of the Petitioners, and indemnifying them trom any Injury their Works may sustain by virtue of the said Bill, if the same should pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, Oldeoats, and Far-worth, and so much of

as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or One of them, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, Oldeoats, and Far-worth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or One of them, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Maltsters, resident and occupying Malthouses within the Borough of Warwick, was pre-fcnted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Clause in an Act lately passed, the Petitioners are, under a very heavy Penalty, restrained from wetting, watering, or sprinkling their Grain, intended to be made into Malt, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken out of the Ciftcrn, & c. for and until the Space of Twelve Days from the Time it shall be so taken out; anu that, if the Petitioners are restrained from wetting their Grain upon the Floor during that Space of Time, it will be totally out of their Power to produce Malt that will be useful to the Community: And therefore praying, that the Clause in the said Act, above referred to, may be repealed, not only for the Benefit of themselves, but of every Individual.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for the Prevention of Frauds and Abuses in the Sale and Admeasurement of Soot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Sale and Admeasure-lnent of Sjot, Allies, and certain other Articles of Manure.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Augufus Henry Cavendish presented to the ^rkf^rth^ House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, Bi*l,presented and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of in the County of Derby, for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of JVirksworth, in the hid County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, Westminster a Bill to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to Coal Meters the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of eJ. 'present' Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill relative Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for remedying cer- *°Pa,nnB tain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and re- Bridges, Y pairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained P»*lea. at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar and riindoT^" Rum imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, ported, order* between the 5th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day edl of January 1802; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported; with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bull-baiting Reading of the Bill for preventing the Practice of Bull- BlU*deferre<t-baiting and Bull-running;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itfielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mutiny BlU* the Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny " and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army " and their Quarters within the United Kingdom, and " the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and " Man," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

453

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Eng!i<hMili- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ferred!!'de* further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, ind for augmenting the Militia, was re-committed, be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Poor Relief The Order of the Day being read, for taking into £ili, deferred, further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually distinguishing and relieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Committee00 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Mannt Mu- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tluy ' ' the Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of " His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of A l One thousand Eight hundred " and Two," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

?«lr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Coroners Fees Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill, deferred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Fees and' Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Oihce, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lottrrirs Bill,' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed. Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain ‘ Sum ol Money, to be raised by Lotteries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duty on re- The House was moved. That an Act, made in this

extilort.-dUf>r Pre*cnt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for kPcou£dered. " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, and on " the Tonnage of Ships and Ye sids entering Outw'ards " or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, to or from " Foreign Parts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to connder of lo much of the said Act as relates to the Duty on refined Sugar exported.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Franking Bill. Reading of the Bill to authorize the fending and receiv- coramIttcJ-ing of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Poll Office from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the pe1fu^tl°" ,

r „ , Dill) reported*

Bill for amending lo much or an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Port; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Port, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, pur- Accounts suant to their Orders, presented i

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies Hereditary, which would have been applicable to the Expences of &cRevenues His Majesty's Civil Government in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty, from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1802, (b far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, lb far as the same can be ascertained; shewing also the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty during the same Period, in lieu of those Revenues; and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament, during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts; and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account:

And also.

An Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Profit and Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Exchequer ' Parliament, with the Dates thereto, from January 1800 Bills, to the latest Period the same can be made up: Iri-

closing.

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with Dates thereto, from 5th January 1800 to the 24th of March 1802, fold on Account of the Paymaster of Exchequer Bilk:

Appendix (B.) An Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with 5 Z Dates

fix, *(No. 75.) f(No. 76.)

Bill for Farming the Duties on Polt Horses, reported.

Lills of Ship# in the Service of the Fa ft India Com Vi ny, pre Anted.

(No. 77.)

Militia, Officers Allowances lidl, d#f?rrc*i

454 14 0 Mali. . 1802.

Dates thereto, from 5th January 1800 to the 24th of March 1802, fold on Account of the Treasurer of the Navy:

Appendix (C.) An Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with Dates thereto, from the 5th January 1800 to the 24th of March 1802, iold on Account of the Paymaster of the Forces:

Appendix (D.) An Account of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with Dates thereto, from 5th January 1800 to 24th March 1802, fold on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The first of the said Accounts is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume *. The second Account is also inserted j-, and the Appendixes thereto are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for " the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Act, made in the 25th Year of His present of Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire, for travelling " Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the fame,*' was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Ozven (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door; ho was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of all the English-built Ships in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the 1 ft January 1801; spe-eitying the Names, and actual Tonnage of each, and the Years in which they were respectively built: And also,

A Lift of Ships and Vessels, not Britishi-buMt, in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the ill; January 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to 8 '

whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ir}b Mariner* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BlA deterred, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; v

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tut Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from Irith the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Killfreported. to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify thetn-selves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "[*Drcntiee* to consider further of the Bill for the Preservation of the at Cotton and Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed °.ther F^®*, in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Fac- nes*tcer tories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, ^Drawhacf made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating on Sugar and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ire- exj>ortedfr<»m land; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Emitted, warehoused in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the feaure of better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ire- 1

land;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, iefolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 36th Year of oJ^es'cm the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Legacies, Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and drferre<V for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

v

Trish Elehionx Bill, actfacd.

Supply,

deterred.

Ways and

Means

deterged.

Debate on Amend:nent to Motion rrfpe&ui£ the Definitive Treaty of Peace, resumed.

42 Geo. III. 14® Mali. 455

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, lb much of an Act, passed in the lash Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, the T rial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to lerve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of f'uch Controverted Elections or Returns;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. ' -

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rcfok't'd,'I'liat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it fell into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Flis Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The 1 louse resumed the adjourned Debate on the Amendment which was, Yesterday, proposed to be made to the Motion, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to allure His Majesty that we have taken into our most lerious Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace which His Majesty has been graciously plealed to communicate to this House:

That we acknowledge, with all Humility and Submission, His Majesty's undoubted Prerogative of Peace and War; and that we shall consider it to be our first Duty, as far as may depend on us, to maintain inviolate the Public Faith, as it is pledged by this Treaty, and to affilt His Majesty in performing, with Uprightness and Punftuality, the Engagements into which His Majesty has been advised to enter:

But that we cannot conceal the painful Apprehen-fions with which we consider the Relult of those Engagements; nor can we forbear to offer to His Majesty our humble and dutiful Advice for the Adoption of such Measurcs as can alone, in our Opinion, under the Blelfing of Providence, avert from us the Dangers with which we are now Unrounded:

That it is impossible for us to have seen, without the utmost Anxiety and Alarm, all the unexampled Circumstances which have attended the final Conclusion of the present Peace: — The exienfiveand important Sacrifices, which, without any corresponding Concession, this Treaty has added to those already made on our Part by the Preliminary Articles: — The unlooked-for and im-menle Accessions of Territory, Influence, and Power, which it has tacitly confirmed to France: — The numerous Subjects of clalhing Interest and unavoidable Dispute which it has left entirely unadjusted; and above all, those continued and systematic Projects of Aggrandilcment, of which, in the very Moment of Peace, w'e have seen, unhappily, such undeniable and convincing Evidence:

That, by rciinquishing so many Sources of Prosperity in Peace, and so many Bulwarks of Defence in War, and by renouncing, at the same Time, the Advantage and Security always hitherto derived from the accustomed Renewal of former Treaties, the British Government has imposed on itself a greater Necessity than has ever before existed for Mcalures of increased Precaution, and for Determinations of unlhuken Constancy:

Vo L.57.

That we, therefore, rely on His Majesty's paternal Wisdom, for a watchful and unremitted Attention to the Situation and future Conduct of the Power with whom we have negociated; and w'e think it necessary more especially to allure His Majesty of our ready and firm Support in that Determination, which, we trull, His Majesty will henceforward steadily pursue, of refilling every fresh Encroachment (of whatever Nature) which shall be attempted on the Maritime, Commercial, of Colonial Rights and Interests of the British Empire:

This our solemn Declaration must, as we believe, mar terially conduce to prevent the Necessity which it is calculated to meet; and we trull that His Majesty will also approve of our Desire to support it by a Scale of Naval and Military Defence, adequate to the Extent of our Danger, and to the Importance of the Interests which we have to maintain:

The Anxiety which we feel in this Respect, is the necessary Consequence of our sincere Wilh for the Permanence of the Public Tranquillity which His Majesty has now re-established; and it is for the same important Purpose, that we also moll earnestly recommend to His Majesty's Wisdom the pressing Necessity of arranging, by immediate and amicable Discussion, those Points of essential Interest which had been adjusted by former Treaties, but for which no Provision has been made in this Negociation:

These Councils we submit to His Majesty with Confidence, in the present awful Crisis ol Public Aftairs, prepared to meet, with Firmness, all the Difficulties and Dangers of our present Situation, but desirous, above all Things, to promote the Stability and Security of real Peace; the Object which it has been His Majesty's benevolent Desire, by such extensive Sacrifices, to insure to His loyal and affectionate People.

And the Amendment being again proposed, to leave out from the first Word " That " in the Second Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to insert, "We have already declared our full Approbation of " the Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by His Majesty's Command, were laid before this House; and " we are satisfied that His Majesty has, on the whole, " wifely conliilted the Interests of His People, in having " concluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Balls " of these Preliminaries: — That, although we deeply " lament the calamitous Events which have taken place " on the Continent of Europe in the Course of the War, " we cannot but refled, with the utmost Satisfaction, " that tire wild and destrudive Deligns with which this " Country was threatened at its Commencement, have " been effectually frustrated: — That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preserved entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed " to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and " that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those " Means of Exertion, which the Experience of the late " Con tell has proved more than ever to be equal, even " amidst the new and unexampled Difficulties of other " Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and " assert the Honour of this Country: — That, impressed " with these Sentiments, we are on our Parts earnestly " solicitous to cultivate and improve the Blessings of " Peace, and to concur in such Measures as His Majesty, in His Wisdom, shall judge to be bell calculated " to prevent Occasions of Misunderstanding with Foreign Powers: — That we rely on His Majesty's known " Disposition to adhere, with the moll scrupulous Fide- lity, to His Engagements; but that we entertain, at " the same Time, a perfect Confidence, that His Majesty " will not fail to employ that Vigilance and Attention " which the present Situation of Europe demands; and, " above all, that His Majesty will be uniformly determined, and prepared, to defend, against every Encroachment, the great Sources of the Wealth, Commerce, and Naval Power of the Empire: — That we

Googh

140 Mali. A. 1802.

'* are fully persuaded, that His Majesty's faithful Subjects will, at* all Times, be ready to support the Honour " of His Majesty's Crown, and the Rights, Ixxws, and " Liberties of their Country, with the same Zeal, Energy, and Fortitude, which they have invariably manifefled " during the War, now happily brought to a Conelusion."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, {land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Ihe

' I General:

*r „ . xt V General

lellers for the Noes, j Mr W;

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed. That the Words,

" We have already declared our full Approbation of " the Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by I lis Majesty's Command, were laid before this House; and " we are satisfied that His Majesty has, on the w'hole,

" wifely consulted the Interests of His People, in having " concluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Basis " of these Preliminaries: — That, although tve deeply " lament the calamitous Events which have taken place, " on the Continent of Europe in the Course of the War,

" we cannot hut relied, with the utmost Satisfaction,

" that the wild and dcllru&ive Deligns with W'hich this " Country was threatened at its Commencement, have " been effectually frullrated: — That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preserved entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed " to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and " that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those " Means of Exertion, which the Experience of the late " Con tell has proved more than ever to be equal, even " amidst. the new and unexampled Difficulties of other " Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and " assert the Honour of this Country: — That, impressed " with these Sentiments, we are on our Parts earnellly " felicitous to cultivate and improve the Blessings of " Peace, and to concur in such Measures as His Majesty, in His Wisdom, shall judge to be bell calculated " to prevent Occasions of Misunderstanding with Fo- reign Powers: — That we rely on His Majesty's known " Disposition to adhere, with the moll scrupulous Fidelity, to II is Engagements; but that we entertain, at " the same Time, a perfect Confidence, that His Majesty will not fail to employ that Vigilance and Attention which the present Situation of Europe demands; " and, above all, that His Majesty will be uniformly determined, and prepared, to defend, against every Encroachment, the great Sources of the Wealth, Commerce, and Naval Power of the Empire: — That we " are fully persuaded that His Majesty's faithful Sub* " jects will, at all Times, be ready to support the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the Rights, laws, and " Liberties of their Country, with the same Zeal, Energy, " and Fortitude, which tl\ey have invariably manifelled " during the War, now happily brought to a Conclusion," be inserted inllead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inlerting, after the firffc Word " Wc," these Words, " beg leave humbly to represent to His Majesty, that the Omission of various Opportunities of negotiating a Peace with Advantage to " this Country, and more especially the Rcjeftion of " the Overtures made by the Chief Conliil of France " in January 1800, appears to this House to have led " to a State of Allans which rendered Peace lb necessary, as to jufiifv the important and painful Sacrifices " which His Majesty has been advised to make for the " Attainment thereof."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words, " That, although we deeply lament the calamitous Events which have taken place on the Continent of Europe, in the Course of the War, we cannot " but reflect, with the utmost Satisfaction, that the " wild and destruiftive Designs with which this Country " was threatened at its Commencement, have been " effectually frullrated: — That Jdis Majesty's Dominions have not only been preserved entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed " to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and " that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those " Means of Exertion, which the Experience of the late " Cornell has.proved more than ever to be equal, even " amidst the new' and unexampled Difficulties of other

" Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and " assert the Honour of this Country."

And the Question being put, That those Words (land Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That after the first Word "That" in the original Question, the Words " we have already declared our full Approbation of the " Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by His Majesty's *

" Command, were laid before this House; and we are " satisfied that His Majesty has, on the whole, wifely " consulted the Interests of His People in having con*

" eluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Bulls of " these Preliminaries: — That, although we deeply lament the calamitous Events which have taken place " on the Continent of Europe in the Course of the War,

" we cannot but refletft, with the utmost Satisfaction,

" that the wild and dcftruClive Deligns with which this " Country was threatened at its Commencement, have " been effectually frullrated: — That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preserved entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed " to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and " that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those " Means of Exertion, which the Isxperienee of the late " Contest has proved more than ever to be equal, even " amidst the new and unexampled Difficulties of other " Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and " assert the Honour of this Country: — That, impressed " with these Sentiments, we are on our Parts earnellly " solicitous to cultivate and improve the Blessings of " Peace, and to concur in such Measures as His Majesty, in His Wisdom, shall judge to be bell calculated " to prevent Occasions of Misunderstanding with Foreign Powers: — That we rely on His Majesty's known " Disposition to adhere, with the moll scrupulous Fidelity, to His Engagements; but that we entertain, at " the same Time, a perfect Confidence, that His Majesty " will not fail to em]>loy that Vigilance and Attention " which the present Situation of Europe demands; and,

" above all, that His Majesty will be uniformly determined, and prepared, to defend, against every Encroachment, the great Sources of the Wealth, Commerce, and Naval Power of the Empire: — 'That we " are fully persuaded that His Majesty's faithful Subjects will at all Times be ready to support the Honour " of His Majesty's Crown, and the Rights, Laws, and " Liberties of their Country, with the same Zeal, Energy,

" and Fortitude, which they have invariably manifelled " during the War, now happily brought to a Conclusion," be inserted;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Rcfoived, That an humble Address be presented to AtMreft

% ' rtlolved on.

Petition of Freeh older* of Whifton, See-.against Liverpool and Prefect Roads Pill.

42 Geo. III.

u - I

14 — 17

Maii.

457

His Majesty, to assure His Majesty that we have taken into our most lerious Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace, which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate to this House:

That we have already declared our full Approbation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by His Majesty's Command, were laid before this House; and we arc satisfied that His Majesty has, on the W hole, wifely consulted the Interests of 11 is Peoole in having con-eluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Bails of these Preliminaries: — That, although we deeply lament' the calamitous Events which have taken place on the Continent of Europe in the Course of the War, we cannot but refieft, with the utmost Satisfaction, that the wild and destructive Designs with which this Country was threatened at its Commencement, have been effectually frustrated: — That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preferred entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those Means of Exertion, which the Experience of the late Contell has proved more than ever to be equal, even amidst the new and unexampled Difficulties of other Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and aftert the Honour of this Country: — That, impressed with these Sentiments, wc are on our Parts earneftiy felicitous to cultivate and improve the BE (lines of Peace, and to concur in such Measures as II is Majesty, in His \V ifdom, shall judge to be best calculated to prevent Occasions of Misunderstanding with Foreign Powers: — That wc rely on His Majesty s known Disposition to adhere, with the most scrupulous Fidelity, to His Engagements; but that we entertain, at the same Time, a perfect Confidence, that His Majesty will not fail to employ that Vigilance and Attention which the present Situation of Europe demands; and, above all, that His Majesty will be uniformly determined, and prepared, to defend, against every Encroachment, the great Sources of the Wealth, Commerce, and Naval Power, of the Empire: — That wc are fully persuaded that His Majesty's faithful Subjects will at all Times be ready to support the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the Bights, Law's, and Liberties of their Country, with the same Zeal, Energy, and Fortitude, which they have invariably manifested during the War, now happily brought to a Conclusion.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this lloute as are of His Majesty s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Half an Hour after Four of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Powers, of an Act, passed iii the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, of " the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for more " effectually repairing and amending the Roads from " Liverpool \o Prefcot, Ashlon, and Warrington, and other " Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of " Laucajierand to vary certain Parts* of the Line of the said ltoacls; and Setting forth, That the Public would not derive any Advantage from the Diversion of a Part of the said Road, between Huy ton and PreJ'eot, as' proposed by the said Billand that the same would materially injure the Petitioners John Lees, Joseph Moss,

Thomas Yates, George Yates, and John Barnes, in the Sale of their Coal, on account of the greater Distance it would leave their Collieries from Liverpool, Knozvjley, Kirby,

Aintry, Sephton, and other Places, which, at present, are supplied with large Quantities of Coal from their Collieries at Whi ft on; and that it will allb be injurious to the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Township of IVhifon, on account of the Road from Whifton to Liverpool, and other Place-, being so materially extended: And therefore praying, That, for the Reasons aforesaid, the Diversion of the said Road may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

1

Mr. E/'ijlnpresented to the House, according to Bolton Bridge

Order, a Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and and Gaol, Common Councilmen, of the Borough of in the pr^nted.

County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Wit henn, in the said Borough, and to ere ft a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Boroueh; and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved;, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Catfield, a-c. the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Ground1:, within the Parishes of Caifieldand Sutton, in the County of passed.

Norfolk, and for draining and preferring the said Commons and Waste Grounds, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill (Jo pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfeld and Sutton, in the Count}- of and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That Mr. E/lifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lunce, 17° Maii;

Anno 4a0 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

A Petition of John Lees, of in tire Parish of Prefcot, in the County of Yeoman, Joseph

Moss, of Prefot, aforesaid, Yeoman, Thomas Yates, and George Yates, Executors of //?///<an Yates, late of IVhiston aforesaid, Yecman, and the Reverend John Barnes, of Hryfott, in the said County„ Clerk, Freeholders and Owners of certain Coal Works in the Township of IVhijhn aforesaid, and of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Townships of Whfon, Huyton, and Prefot, aforesaid, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said several Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge VOL. 57.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Thu-lton the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thnrfcn, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of 7h.arston, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Richard Carr Glynreported from the Committee, Hamomps to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, rcp(l,‘rted, a'nd An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William raised. Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold, and -for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereofto the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined

6 A the

if Mali. A. 1802*

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ref-iced, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Carr G!yn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mouifc* Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom re juried* l°r dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

rf])° c and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of A]on!foe, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied writh; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Ifeport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quciuon severaliy put thereupon, were agreed to by thq House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotild.

voices to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-

Committeeon nfittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and 1) ^urn an altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, palfed in the ill and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the Pint, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Harwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, is committed.

An mgrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for enabling Trullees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Scavoby, in the County of Lincoln (Part of the Icttkd Eilat es of John Uppleby, Esquire) for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooten, in the said County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Mr, EUijon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Liverpool General Gascoync reported from the Committee, to Kvut.m-tBil!, whom the Bill for enabling certain Persons in the Town reported. of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of them-lelves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port, and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Waterworks, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of :he Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve ral Amendments thereunto, which they had

Uxbndre KotcU Bill.

Upplebr's E It ate Bill, committed.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, uix>n the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston, committed! IVillinrafton, Barncluth, Udjion, Birdsfield, Bellsfield, and Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of Decbnont, and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the dccealed Alexander Hamilton, of Pencaitland, Esquire, upon the Thirty-lirfl Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-(even, in Trullees, in Trufc, to sell the same, and invell the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Gajcoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the derm, and for explaining, presented.1* amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, making, widening, and " altering, certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within " the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of u Lane after-, for supplying the said Town with fresh and " wholclbme Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places; and for extending so much of the fi Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen,

" Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the " Liberties of the said Town;" for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets, and for further improving the said Town of Liverpool; and for providing and establishing Markets therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

% x

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the ^ey 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Bin, passed. George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sujf and several other

Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of SuJand several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scrope'sEftoe for veiling the Estates late of Frederick James Scrope, committed. Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and deviled by his Will in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of

459

of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Gore Langton, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of the A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common

Wayor, &e. of Council, of the Town and Corporation of in

Liverpool, for . ~ r 1 r , r

Provision in the County of Lancaster> was presented to the House,

erp^n anc] rca(j; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the rcas i . rpernij anc] for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, u making, widening, and altering, certam Streets, Paisages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the " County Palatine of Lanccifier \ for supplying the said " Town with freili and wholesome Water; for removing " and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein;

<c for appointing additional Market Places; and for extending to much of the Powers of an Act of the " Second Year of His present Majesty as relates to " Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters,

" to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said " Town;" for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets, and for further improving the said Town of Liverpool, and for providing and eliablifiling Markets therein; and Setting forth, That an Act was pallid in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said Harbour by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the Open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock, and for making another Dock, with proper Piers, in the said Harbour, and for erecting Lighthouses and other proper Lights in or near the Port of Liverpool; and that, in the Execution of the said last mentioned Act, the said Corporation have been, from Time to Time, and dill are, put to very heavy Expences in building and repairing, Graving or repairing, Docks in the said Town, and frequently fudain considerable Damage by the Non-payment of the Sums from Time to Time due to them on Account of Vessels which have received their Repairs in such Docks, and especially those which do not belong to the said Port; and that, in order to indemnify the said Corporation as to such Expences, it is necessary that the Monies lo becoming due to them should be recoverable in a summary Way; and that, by the said Act, Power is given to the Petitioners to make Bye Laws for the regulating of the said Graving Docks, and to lay Penalties on the Breach of the same Bye Laws, not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence; and that it is found, by Experience, that the said Penalty is by no Means adequate to the Prevention of the Injuries frequently done through the Carelessness or Milconduft of various Persons, not only to the said Docks, but also to the Machines and other Appendages of such Docks, and it is expedient that the Amount of the said Penalties should be increased; and that an Act was passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of and for making

Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more fate and commodious the said Port and Docks, whereby the present Highway, which runs from a certain Street called Bath Street to the Northern Limits of the said Town, and which is bounded by the River Mersey on the West, and by the Lands of various Proprietors on the East, was directed to be opened or enlarged to the Width of Thirty-five Yards; and that the Petitioners conceive it would greatly tend to promote the Commercial and general Interest of the said Tow n and Port, and be of VOL. 57.

public Utility, if Powers were given, and Provisions '

made, in the said Bill now depending in the House, for diverting the Course of the said Highway, and for making and substituting Two other Highways in the same Direction, in lieu and instead thereof; and for otherwise improving the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for eftefting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as. to the House shall leem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Mr. Black-

bur tte of Lancashire, Sic.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a further Sum of Money Temple Bar, for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, passed . &c-

o i Imorovcrnent

in the 35th, 38th, and in the 39th and 40th Years of the iiiii, pitied. Reign of His present Majesty, fur widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Lerapie Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at SnozvHill-, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and fur explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, and in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar* for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman C do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Coombe Byfet Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, lnSl°fure Blll> Meadow's, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe P Byfet, otherwise BiJJ'ett, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe Byfet, otherwise Bijfetl, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in West Grin-Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, i^hrureBiil Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of West patted.

Grinfleadand White Parish, in the County of Wilts, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and While Lands, within the Parishes of West Grinflead and White Parish, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds committed/ and Impositions in the Vend of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aider-

man

4^o 170 Mali. i8oa.

,uin C;.r/;V, Mr. Lufkington, See.t And they are to meet tl.is Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Cooderftone Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, i"ported!B !1, to wh°m l^c ^ill for dividing, allotting, and inciefing, fundrv Tracts or Parcels of \\ holc-V car Land, Common Fields, Halt-Year or Shack Linds, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of G coder ft one, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edmund Herr ex. Gentleman, L,ord of the Manor of Good erf one Redtory, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes anting within the Parish of Gooderfone, in the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church ot Goodvrfone aforesaid, and Owner and Proprietor of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Gooderfone; and also the Petition of Edmund Horrex, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Gooderfone Rectory, Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within the Parish oi Gooderfone, in the County of Norfolk, and Patron of the \ icarage and Parish Church of Good of one aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, being respectively Owners and Proprietors of Me linages, Lands, tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Pari lb, were severally icferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Iloule, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard an Agent in Support of the said Petitions; and had also heard Counlei in Favour of the said Bill; and that riie Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners ‘ of Ellaies afletled, or liable to be allelled, to the Poors Rate at £.89. 15 s. 7 d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Inflates assessed, or liable to be a lfe fled, at £.19. 4s. 9d. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled, or liable to be afiefled, to the Poors Rate, exclusive of the Great Tythe, at £.598. 2s. od. per Annum)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had clireeled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Yv here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Lime, One by One; and, upon the Qucilion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the i louie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

groucd.

and the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sinclair, Sir Robert Laurie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

KenKBru!~e Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming :vzl\ CiChrnf the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of Ko. ds -4VjC Jnoroded Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 9th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geme the Second, and in the 21st Year of the Reign of I ris present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorr lifer Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and a Place called Ali/e Stone, in the Road leading to Magdabn Bridge, in the Laid County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Thur/b Harbour Hill, cctr.n itud.

A Bill for building and maintaining a Harbou Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of Thurso, i. County of Caithness, was read a Second Time.

1 lie Iloule resumed the said adjourned Proceeding. The Amendment following was nroposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 14. 1 o leave out from the beginning of the

Line to And," in Line 54.

And the Quell ion being put, That the Words pro-polid to be kit<»ut, (land Part of the Bill;

'1 he I !<‘ufe di\ ided.

The Noes went forth.

n- v r .1 (Mr. John Fane, )

lc-hers ror the ieas.-'xt r ' I

(Mr. Gore Lang ton: j

6S-

a*

Tellers for the Noes *Mr> of

te.jers ic,r me ^oes,<sjr Robm ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majority King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor c lifer Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said Corn'v.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill ro the Lords, and deiirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Accounts preferred annually to this House, from the Office of Chamberlain of the orphr: City of London, relative to the Orphans Fund, for the last Ten Years, be referred to the Committee, to whom onLoiXn^ the Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of Coal Market London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds £lil* and Impositions in the Vend of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned, is committed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in tire Actrefpc^Inj 22d Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, intituled, j0°{£ mt'*' " An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Mend.

" Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the Laid Act as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Ad, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House.

Mr. Henry Lafcclles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloting, panted. ' certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Folk ton, and within the respective I lamlets or Districts ot Eft and West Plot manly, in the Parish of Folk ton, in the Fall Riding of the County of York: And the same was re-received; and read the First 'Lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. More it t reported from the Committee, to whom withe id the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Bl11' Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, within t the Township of fVithernzviik, in the Parish of Withern-xvick, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edward Co fable, of Burton Constable, in Holderness, in the County of York, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction

4* Geo. III.

17® Maii.

461

Satisfeftion of the Committee; And that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, On* by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Chufcham An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, InctoRucBUi, the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and ~ Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within that Part

of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title oe. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the , Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and Intermixed Lands, within that Part of the Parish of Chmham which lies within die Manor of Churcham, in the County of Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hinxwoith Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom Wofnrt B*H, Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Walks, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hinxworth,

1 id the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In* closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question {Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mutiny Bill, Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported ^onca' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuiqg an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, *An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dckrtion; and for the better Payment of the " Army and their Quarters within the United Kingdom, " and the Blands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, " and Man," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iii* grafted.

tern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for providing, that Militia Surgeons, entitled at the passing of the Act to the Benefit thereof, shall continue to receive the like Allowance, notwithstanding the y cease, by any future Act, to hold Subalterns Commissions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-monow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in* grofled.

Mr tfeery Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Two," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

1 Offers of aval1 Service of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, committed.

Militia

Officers

Allowances

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bm, reported. Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subal-VOL.57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to accept Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to *

himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volun teer Corps to continue their Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fPednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^omnuttee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, oaths° Bill. upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer pertain Oaths " and Declarations required by Law to be taken and " made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of " Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Granville Levefori Gower took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and

6 B made

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

F.n^iifn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

ugAin're6'11' further Consideration the Report from the Committee committed, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, was recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that tome further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;:

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted, as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be recommitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Confide red. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had made some farther Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ottenes i . rep0]ve into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Duties on Licences granted to " lottery Office Keepers, shall cease and determine.

" Resolved, That a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds be " charged upon every Licence granted to any Lottery " Office Keeper within the Cities of London,

" burgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles thereof " respectively.

" Resolved, That a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds be " charged upon every Licence granted to any Lottery " Office Keeper to keep One Office only in any other " Part of Great Britain or Ireland.

" Resolved, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds be " charged upon every other Licence granted to any " Lottery Office Keeper, for every Office in any Place not " within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or " within Twenty Miles thereof respectively."

Ir.flruciion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee on the said Bill, That they have Power to make Provision' therein, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dircded him 3

to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ^UieN^i^uI of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 32d Years of the Debt.

Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' ' T

' <

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House BillrefpeAing to resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole' House, Apprentices to consider further of the Bill for the;Preservation of other^a*" the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others em- r‘es» deferred, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Fadories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Certain Act*

19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ExofeDut^*, " An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so tobecon- much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of Cdered.

" the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " f0* granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences " to be taken out by all Persons acting as AuEHonetrs; and " certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods,

" and other things, sold by AuElion; upon Indentures,

" Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Infiruments; as relates " to the Method of granting Licences to Audioneers,

" and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods " sold by Auction," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or " Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skins Indian " half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and " on Hides and Skins drafted in Oil, in this Kingdom,

" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for " laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or " dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins,

" the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free " from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amending " several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise; and " to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the " Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other. Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for

; - . - . " the

" the Payment of Annuities oh Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; inftnxaion. Ordered., That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of (b much of the said Act as relates to the Allowances for Sope and Starch made use of in the Woollen, linen, and Cotton Manu-fadtOries.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. to ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the Cud Order being read accordingly;

Estimate cf A Motion was made. That the Report which was Allowance* to made from the Committee, who prepared an Estimate oMreUuir" Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern

refereed. Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Corry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, for the Year 1802, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a'Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for amending so much of Pod-Office an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His pre- BU^jalfed. sent Majesty, as'relates to the secreting, embezzling, or -destroying, any tetter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwhe than by the Post, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protectiop of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for further continuing, for Bill for Fanu-aTime to be limited, an Act, made in the 27th Year of onVoftHwfe*! the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act paflW,

" to enable the Lord High Treafilrer or Commissioners " of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty- fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses *

" let to Hire, for travelling Post, and by Time, to such " Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Inat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire,

" for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the fame."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Duty on re-fined Sugar, exported.

Franking

Bill,

deferred.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much The Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify Persons who In'lh Indent-of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Em- "1 % ' . Bill» intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain ployments in Ireland, according to Law, was, according *

" Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, to Order, read the Third Time.

" Great Britain; and on the Tonnage of Ships and Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title " Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to " Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts," as relates qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ire-to the Duty on refined Sugar exported. '* land, according to Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Com- , to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. , The other Orders of the Day being read j

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, Resolved, That this House will, To-monrow Morning, Bill respefHng That they had come to a Resolution; Which they had resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufeftuiv directed him to report, when the House will please to consider further of the Rill to amend the Laws for the of Ireland, receive the same. better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ire- de*?rred*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow land.

Morning. Ordered, That the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be irilhElection*

limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of ,^^4 The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon " the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred^ the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Let- " and Two, the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Re*' ters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and " turns of Members to serve in the United Parliament printed Newspapers, by the Post, free from the Duty of " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parlia- " United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating ment of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said Officers therein named; and for reducing the Foftage on " United Parliament j" as relates to the regulating the Vol. 57. - 1 Trial

4*4

i7° — 18°

A< 1802.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Westbury Inclosure Bill, reported.

Ashbwto*

Roads Bill, reported.

Petition of the Grand Junction Canal . Company, a rain It the Petition of the Lord Mayor, & c. re I petting1 eltahlishing of Markets at Paddington.

Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

v Martis, 18* die Mail j

Anno 4z* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1803.

Pit AYERS.

MR. Harcourt reported from the* Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties epneerned had givpfi ' theif Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 287 Acres 1 Rood 15 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 933 Acres and 14 Perches, who could pot be met with, or were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure con sids of 9,516 Acres 1 Rood 8 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at' the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Lawrence Pa/k reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of and the

Town of Newton Bufitell, in the County of "Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junftic n Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been presented to the House from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, wherein the Petitioners are charged with having obtained their AcT of Parliament, passed in the

38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for " confirming and carrying into Execution certain Artides of Agreement made and entered into between " Re/lby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood, Esquire, " Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, " Esquire, Sir John Morfhead, Baronet, and Dame " zabeth his Wife, and Robert Thijtlethwayte, Esquire, and Selina his Wife,'and the Company of Proprietors " of the Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," by Surprize, and by Means equally irregular and unjustifiable; and praying the House to repeal a certain Part of the said Act, by which the Petitioners were authorized to establish a Market or Markets at Paddington; and that the Petitioners conceive they shall be able to prove such Charge to be totally unfounded, and that the Act above referred to was applied for, introduced, and carried through the several Stages, according to the Rules and Orders of the House: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, to answer the said Charge, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred$ and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be beard in Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, m Common Council assembled.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the " Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braffington, at " or near to a Place called The in the Hand, on " Hulland Ward; and also the Road from the said Moot " Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross " Poll on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near " to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of DerbyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby; for protesting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lora George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of AA Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more eneftual " draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme,

" in

Wirksworth Road Bill, presented.

Wirksworth Inclosure, 6cc,

Bill,

committed.

Ancholme Drainage and Navigation Bill, committed.

" in the County of Land making the River " Aticholme navigable from the River Humber, at or " near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of " Lincoln, to the Town of Briggs-, and for

" continuing the said Navigation up, or near to, the " said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said " County of Lincoln," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stirling and A Bill for making and repairing the Road from KoadsliIir, an way Head, near Stirling, through the County of committed. mannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by

Saline and Cross/oord, towards and certain

Roads branching out of the fame; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Durnias, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jfcet'ition of the A Petition of William Tate and Benwell, Esquires,

Committees to the Person and Estate of Bell,

aermt Esquire, of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, a Lu-lr.domre Bill natic> was prefenied to the House, and read; Taking " Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Towr.llup of Flixton, otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Fo'kton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, it passed into a Law as it no a Hands, will materially afiedt tl.e Rights and Inter.. (I of the said James Bell: And therefore praying. That they m y be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, agattift such Parts of the said Bill as may aflfedl the said James Bell, and have such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is con.milted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or A. ents, before the said Committee* upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Hinxworth An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Inclosure Bill, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, YVaftes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hinxworth, in the County of Hertford; and for ex-tinguithing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hinx-worth, in the County of Hertford-, and for extinguishing all the Tythes aiifing within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

siiit'ln^ton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lnclouire Eil, Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and committed. - other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shit/ingtonand Ho he ell, in the County of Bedford, was cad a Second Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plunar, &:c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

\ O L.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendment, made by the Lords, to thG Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several indofure Bill, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, aElce:lto* within the Lordship or Liberty of Sw in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follcw-eth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 27. Leave out from "Allotments" to " And," iri Pr. 16. 1. 5.

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Morritt do make the Report from Keyingham the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, 1 nature Bill, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, and Pasture rep°r e Grounds, within the Township and Parish o in Holdermfs, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof; and r.lfo, for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish, was committed.

Mr. Morritt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments svere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for enabling certain Persons in the LiverpooT Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Ea^‘niie'Bl" to credl an Exchange there for the Accommodation of p ‘ themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 14. To leave out from " Execution" to " May," in 1. 21.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof.

Ordered, That General Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill to amend further Consideration the Report from the Committee ^,‘i0r;t{^1hcf of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and Penons render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of <lefcrr<;d‘ the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings,

" and from taking of Ferms, &c." was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

6 C The

18° Mali.

A. 1802.

\c\ relative *0 Licence* for Southern Whale*

V ilhcry, to It con side red.

Mutsnv Bill, puffed.

Marine Mu-ttnv Hill, faffed.

B'ff! Vi>inCT Kill, deserttd.

MVria ♦ncers P !.o«»

failed.

? ota m;:;.*; Bid,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to obtaining Licences from the East India Company and South Sea Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the " better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, ". Guernsey, Alclerney, Sark, and Man," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of " the Army and their Quarters within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

" Sark, and Man."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for ontinuingan Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine " forces while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of " May One thousand Eight hundred and Two," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of H is Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday lull, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill lor preventing the Practice of Bull-baiting and Bullrunning, might be read.

And the ftid.Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Orde-ed.That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon a dry M orning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making Allowance?, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

I lie laid Bill was read the Third Time.

n -foil ed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaio-rn Officers of the Militia, during Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The Order of tire Day being read, for taking into find.erConsideration the Repott born the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, was commuted;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon T htrfd.yMorning next.

4

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the English MUi-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Pull for B1 amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, reported, and for augmenting the Militia, was rc-commitfed, as amended, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dire ft eel him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Q.ueftion severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed 10 by the House; and fcvetal Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill I1ju.11 be

then ingrossed.

O

Ordered, That the Order of the Div, for the House Committee oil to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aitrg.ieihng

r 1 r r , ra n , . x, ' Poor Houics.

to conhcier or lo much or an Act, made in the 22d lear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Relief arid Employment of the Poor," as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House, and for enabling the Guardians of . the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ef court took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ef court reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ef court accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the azd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, lb far as relates to the p ament of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in ary Poor House.

And Mr. Ef court moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Rill ordered, amend an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, lo far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor Horde; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Panlh or Hamlet i:i any Pi or House: And that Mr. Ef court and Mr. Charles Dtmdas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Granville LevefonGower, according to Order, Elsflion reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, 'v made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the Appointment " of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by L.awr to be taken and made by " Perl'ons offering to vote at the Election of Members " to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections :or Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he ' read

' /

i 8° Mali.

41

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and th*m a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question level ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

r,of». Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to u. f>a', resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

aclu‘lt" the Bill to extend the Provisior.s of an Act, made in the

13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of an Add, made "in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty K-ing " CeorM tl ie Second, as relates to the preventing the " Healing or destroying of Turnips, and for the more " effectually preventing the dealing or destroying of " Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Peale, and " Carr ts," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Add, be now read.

And the ft id Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

i in f\.Tor> Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

d -v.n ar*J Headit gr of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be

arWfwVor- limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of

dtisd. Parliament, intituled, " An Add for regulating, until

" the First Day of AJay One thousand Eight hundred " and Two, tire Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament " of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the " United Kingdom called Ireland-, and for regulating " the Qualification of Members to serve in the said " United Parliament," as relates to the regulating the Trial of such Controverted Elections or Returns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And Notice being taken, That the said Bill was not ifll-clual for the Purposes for which it was intended;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, Thar the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, Tint Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland: And that Mr. Mr. and Lord

\ iicount Ca/t!erca*h, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Crrrr.rr:' on sc c<i ir.ittfct J r»y'*cM'

z* Co*to

to

:re Ordered* That the Order of the Day, for the House to r-y resolve iiself 5r.ro a Committee of the whole House, to ' c^nhder further of the LIII for the Preservation of the <‘s Health and Morals ot -Apprentices and others employed n and in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, he nmv read.

And the Aid Order being read accordingly;

The House revived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker rest the Chair.

Mr. Siiwu'y took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

;Vr. v reported from the Committee, That they

will pLale to receive the lame.

Report c

had gone th iv ug!

mems them into;

port, when t T * . e i)

OvduWty 1 h at

Mr. tS/.-rk ... ac<

mittee, the Arm

made to ihe kill.

report to th e 1 io

Place; and after

Amendment! s in

vrds delivered the Bill, with the

[K)l*

t was read.

\GL. 57.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Lhurfday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second irish Courts Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's B, U*deftrre ' Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, more beneficial; and allb, to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 21 It and 2 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Time for " Trials by Nisi Prius, in the City and County of " and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer " more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Into Mariner* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon B1 'deterred' the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refu/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, jefolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill for regu-resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon' the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last sugar export -Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Draw-backs on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing '

British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an speaing^" Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Duties on Majesty, for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Le&acies‘ Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon in certain Cafes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttrfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Lotteries Bill, Report from the Committee of the whole House, to deterred‘ whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported ^^reUtive

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it u> the N*- was referred to consider of Two Acts, made in the 26th tionajDebt, and 3 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the lleduction of the National Debt, the Refo lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are us followeth;

Resolved,

.\>d c'nr I)t*tir> Hill, j n f*nted.

iVmnittce on ccr: ii:i Ach for imnrinr F*-<- ic Dune.

468 18° Maii. 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Amount of the Annual Sums applicable, under the Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Reduction of the National Debt, as the said Sums flood on the ift Day of February 1802, if consolidated into one Sinking Fund, with the additional Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum, and continually applied at Compound Interest, but without the Addition of any Sums arising from Annuities which may expire, or from Savings of Interest on Annuities which may be reduced, would redeem the Whole of the existing Capital of the National Debt, including the Capital to arise from the Loan of the present Year, within Forty-five Years from the presentTime, and in a shorter Period than the Whole of the said Capital would be redeemed by the separate Application of the said Annual Sums respectively, together with the additional Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum, as well as of One per Cent, on the Capital to be provided for in the present Year, and of any other Sums which would, by virtue of the said A As, become applicable to the Discharge of such Capital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That the additional Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum be granted to His Majesty, from and after the 5th Day of January 1803, to be vested in the Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to provide that the Amount of the Annual Sums applicable under the Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Reduction of the National Debt, as the said Sums flood on the ift Day of February 1802, should be consolidated into One Sinking Fund, with the additional Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum, and be continually applied at Compound Interest to the Redemption of the Whole of the existing Capital of the National Debt, including the Capital to arise from the Loan of the present Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Sum which may arise from Annuities which tnay expire, or from Savings of Interest on Annuities which may be reduced, shall be applicable to the Public Service, in such Manner as Parliament shall direct.

The laid llcfo'utions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, '['hat a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Pybus,

I sord George Thyw,e, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nichola and Mr. Hi leyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfutartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging olher Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'lime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time T j-marrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Two Acts, made in the 19th and 28th Y'ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Duties on Auctioneers and Auctions; and for amending several Laws relative to the Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported From the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it SuPPfr* was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance* That Provision be made for defraying the Expence of ttt Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland.* Ireland, during Peace, for the Year 1802.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it J^eJs^Vir was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in exported, this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods " imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, and " on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards " or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from " Foreign Parts," as relates to the Duty on refined Sugar exported, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty on refined Sugar exported, granted by the said Act, do cease and determine, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instruction. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the First of the Resolutions, which, upon IFednesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing further Bounties on Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and were, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Fnnking Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon <3tferred-the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Ix-fters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Foliage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named, and for reducing the Foliage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Bill respeff-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the of Ireland, better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

19° Mali. 469

Mercuriiy I90 Maii \

Anno 42.0 Georgii III*11 Regis, i8o2i

Prayers.

Aflihnrton A N ingrossed Bill for continuing the Tertn, and alter-lUMii* Bill, J-ina and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed

respecting several Roads near the Borough of and the Town of Newton Bushell, in the County was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of AJliburton, and the Town of Nezvton Bufiie//; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moor's Barn, to the End of Lane, in the Parish of; and for making and

maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Dean Clapper Hill, at the West End of the Village of Dean Prior, in the l'arish of Dean Prior, through the Village of Dean Church Town, and from thence through the Parishes of Rn//cry and South Brent to Brent all in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Laurence Palk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rutl Do(V» Mr. Wilberforcereported from the Committee, to

Petition, re- whom the Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appean.d to them, to ttie House-; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hulland for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read: And,

Thomas Frofi, Ei'quire, being examined, said, That a very extensive and commodious Dock or Bason, and a public Quay or Wharf, were made by the Petitioners, according to the Directions of the said Act, which have proved highly beneficial to His Majesty's Revenue, and the Trade of the said Port; that from the great Increase of Commerce, further Conveniencies for the Shipping frequenting the said Port having become necessary, the several Corporations of the Mayor and Burgesses, and of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity Houseat Kingston-upon-Hull, and the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, have requested the Petitioners to make additional Dock-room at the said Port; and that the Petitioners have agreed to make a Dock from Myton Gates to Hefsle Gates, to contain Seventy Sail of Ships, with an Entrance into the Humber sufficient to admit a Kitty Gun Ship, on receiving One Half of the Expence of making such Dock and Entrance, to which Terms the said several Corporations, and the principal Inhabitants of the Arid Town, have respectively acceded. — Then,

James Green, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Referred to a Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-Commmee of sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Houte.'° C Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rcl'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Stonnaii and Sir George Augujius William Evelyn reported

»icllCR<.aun' ^rom ^lc Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Bill, rtponed. Term, and alter and enlarge the Towers, of 'Two Acts, One passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his l^te Vol. 57.

Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Bough-ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester. to church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetjey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Ca file Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; lo far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone,

and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gohe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon Report the nth Day of this Instant May, was made from the ^ayanJltoclo Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain- Bill, further ing a Railway or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain considered. Place called The Flats, in the Parish of in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks called Cafiell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of bythick, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be flow taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7 th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, foy empowering the Company of Proprietors to purchase a certain Rail Road.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the

Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Glover's to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devilees in Trust under the Will of John Glover, late of King Street, in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and . upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, was read a Second Time.

6 D Resolved,

470 i $ Mail 1802.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main- in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common tearing, Mr. B\ng, Sec.:And they are to meet this After- Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

St. Anne's An ingrafted Bill for completing the re-building of ^irch'ic^ *^'c Tower of the Parish Church of Saint , within Biii'/LiicsL* the Liberty of the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, and improving the Church-yard; and for making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing the re-building of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty - of IVefminfer, in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church-yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answrr to Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Addreu. their Address of Friday last (to allure His Majesty, that we have taken into our most serious Consideration the Definitive Treaty of Peace, which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate to this House: — That we have already declared our full Approbation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, which, by His Majesty's Command, were laid before this House; and we are satisfied that His Majesty has, on the Whole, wifely consulted the Interests of His People in having concluded a Definitive Treaty, founded on the Basis of these Preliminaries: — That, although we deeply lament the calamitous Events which have taken place on the Continent of Europe in the Course of the War, we cannot but reflect, with the utmost Satisfaction, that the wild and destructive Designs with which this Country was threatened at its Commencement,'have beep effectually frustrated: — That His Majesty's Dominions have not only been preserved entire, but valuable and important Acquisitions have been annexed to them: — That our Commercial and Maritime Superiority have been maintained and improved; and that we continue in the confirmed Possession of those Means of Exertion which the Experience of the late Contest has proved more than ever to be equal, even amidst the new and unexampled Difficulties of other Nations of Europe, to maintain the Independence, and assert the Honour of this Country: — That, impressed with these Sentiments, we are on our Parts earnestly solicitous to cultivate and improve the Blessings of Peace, and to concur in such Measures as His Majesty, in His Wisdom, shall judge to be best calculated to prevent Occasions of Misunderstanding with Foreign Powers: — That we rely on His Majesty's known Dii to adhere with the most scrupulous Fidelity to His Engagements; but that we entertain, at the same Time, a perfect Confidence, that His Majesty will not fail to employ that Vigilance and Attention which the present Situation of Europe demands; and above all, that H is Majesty will be uniformly determined, and prepared, to defend against every Encroachment the great Sources of the Wealth, Commerce, and Naval Power, of the Empire: — That we arc fully persuaded that His Majesty's faithful Subjects will at all Times be ready to support the Honour of His Majesty's Crowm, and the Rights Laws, and Liberties, of their Country, with the same Zeal, Energy, and Fortitude, which they have invariably manifested during the War, now happily brought to a Conclusion) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was plealed to receive the same very graciously.

Kfnnington Mr. Met calfeof Abingdon reported from the Com-

repurted?B'11' mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying

j

within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes of Sunningwell and Radley, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Petition of tion of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint su'xiai^-'ie,

bene, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are bone, rei, e<ft-thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and j£j» ^^‘8-the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, wras presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, prayirtg for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Grand Junction Canal Company to establish a Market or Markets on the Premises therein described, in the Parish of Paddington, in the said County; and Setting forth,

That the Establishment of such Market in the said Parish of Paddington, will be of public Utility to the Me-

tropolis of London, and more particularly to all its Western Parts, as it is calculated to prevent Monopoly, and, by encouraging Competition of different Markets, to reduce the Price of various Articles by which th§

Metropolis is supplied: And therefore praying. That the said Petition of the City of London will not be carried into Effect, so as to defeat the Operation of the said Act, in the Establishment of the said Market in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and allotting in Se- Westbury veralty, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Com- p"Jrej1'ire Bl11' mons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of k\r in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Motilfc* the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pal-tures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands P and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfin the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

petitions of A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, Maltsters, Evdiviniaiid resident in and near the Borough of Evesham, in the Woreeiie;,re- County of Worcester:And also, m'king of A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, Maltsters, Malt. resident in and near the City of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceiving by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, that no Maltster, or Maker of Malt, shall wet any Grain, making into Malt, after taken out of the Cistern, until the End of Twelve Days, on Penalty of Two Hundred Pounds, are appre-hensive such Regulation will be prejudicial to the proper making of Malt: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom reported,' and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act {wiled. for veiling the settled Eft.ttc of Richard Chapman, Gentleman, and Ann his Wile, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unsettled Estate in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Westminster A Bill to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating «-M- to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty committed, of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kirktmd- Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do make the Report

bright Canal from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and 1 reporte . maintajning a Navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkenttsto the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was committed.

Sir John Sinclair accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themielres neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Vol. Si-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on ro resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jj^J°ners upon the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee That they have Power to receive a Clause for fixing the Residence of Coroners.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords

Spranger: have agreed w

Mr. Speaker,-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MiljriaP.iy for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading Staiighton from the South End of Brown s Lane, in the Parish of °a< 1 Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in

the County of Buckingham-, without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Maidstone for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Road Bill. Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of in

the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kidwelly for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Road* Bill. Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Pont-y-Griben!wyd-ar-Gwilly to a Bridge called Po, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the County of Carmarthen; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wigtown for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of Roads His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of " Wigtown; and for the more efi'eftually amending,

" widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" the Road from the High Bridge of Gee, by Newton " Douglass, Glen/uce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr " near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Con-M version Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and

" otherwise

SfrrtforJ's

Road

Bui.

Norwich Poor Bill.

Ponton Inclosure Bill.

Birhury 2nd Mai ton Indolurc Bill.

C.irdinjton Inclosure Bill.

Ellerton Invluiure Bill.

Rinfloll, Arc. Jnciolure Bill.

Worthington, See. Inclosure Bill.

Swcrford Indolurc Bill.

Saltlcy, Arc. Inclosure Bill.

47 3

19° Mali. A. 1802.

" otherwise regulating the making and repairing the " High Hoads and Bridges in the said County;" without any Amendment: And also.

The I/mis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the " Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amend-1)1? (Dili 1JU Idling the Roads leading from Stretford's " Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, " in the Parish of Winilanltow, the County of Salop;

" and also the Road from Biuc-mantic Hall, near Mor-

" timer's Cross, to Avmftrey, in the County Hereford; and for repealing so much of All, made the " Twenty-frond Year of the Reign of His Majesty,

" as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey " Bridge;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the " better Employment and maintaining the Poor there," lb far as the same relates to the erecting a new Work-house within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, -and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Hinds within the Parishes of Birhury and Marion, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cardington, in the county of;

w ithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Inge, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of Ellerton, in the Eurt Riding of the County of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of in

the Parish of Blyth, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open FieUls, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of ff'oi thingtonand and Township of NewhoLl,all in the Parish of on the-Hill, in the County of r; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Swcrford, in the Parish of Swcrford, Li the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, \\ arren, and Waste Hands, within the I lamlet of Saltier and in the Parish

of Afon, near Birmingham, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mickleton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Com- InclosureB mon, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smfin^oor for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common *

or Waste Ground, called Sinfin Moor, and certain Com- Amendment, mon Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the Courtty of Derby-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beef on Pres- 1,ave passed colt. Baronet, in the County of Chefer, for another'Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in Estate Bill. Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MessengerS withdrew'.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector Amounts,&c. General of Imports and Exports) attended at the Door; Fclej>te‘i* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Return made to Three Orders Return to " of the Honourable House of Commons, of the ioth "uting0to"* " May, calling for certain Accounts relating to Ireland:" Ireland.

And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of Mahogany, Mahogany, and also of Logwood and other Dying Woods, imported into Great Britain in the several Years from 1787 to 1 Sox inclusive; distinguishing the Years, and the Countries from which the same were imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega, Cam- Gum Senega wood, Ebony, and Redwood, imported into Great Bri- ic* tain from Africa, in the Years 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Linen and Hempen Linen and Yarn, imported into Great Britain, for Ten Years pieced- "'Pen

ing the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Year, 1 ' and the Places from whence imported; and the Value thereof respectively: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Flax and Hemp, and Flax and of Flax and Hemp Seed, imported into Great Britain, for HemP Seti the Ten Years preceding the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported; and the Values thereof respectively: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar and Rum, imported into, arid exported from,

Great Britain, between the 5th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume; and the said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Su^ir and Run.

Append!xy

(No. 78.)

Mr. Carry presented to the House, pursuant to the Report and Directions ot several A his of the Parliament of Ire-. Accounts

rclnecting

Hid. T i-. l: rwl

The Twenly-sixth Report of the Commissioners of presented. Account for Ireland: And also,

The Account of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, for One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1799: And also.

The

19° Mail.

The Third Account of the Royal Canal Company; to ontitle them to receive Part of £. 25,000, granted by Parliament in Session 1798, from 8th June 1799 to 13th March 1801: And also.

The Account of the Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, for Nine Months, to the 31 ft Day of December iSo*: And also.

The Account of the Vruftees of the Roman Catholic College, from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800: And also.

The Account of the Commercial Building Company of Dublin, from the 27th Day of February 1797 to the

24th Day of March 1800: And also.

The Account of the Commercial Building Company of Dublin, from the 25th Day of 1800 to the

31st Day of December following: And also.

The Account of the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children, for Nine Months, from the 31st Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800: And also,

The Account of the Corporation for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Christian Religion, from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800, inclusive: And also,

The Account of the Governors and Govemefles of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin, from the 25 th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800: And also.

The Account of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of , under the Head of " King's Letter, for the Line from Drogheda Street to the new Custom House," from 24th June 1799 to 31st December 1800: And also.

The Account of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of " Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River," to the 31st December 18*0: And also.

The Account of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of " King's Letters, for opening a Communication between the Northern and Southern Sides of the City to the Castle and Eastward of Essex Bridge," from the 24th of June 1799 to the 31st of December 1800: And also.

The Account of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of , under the

Head of " Dame Street or Coal Duties," from the 24th Day of June 1799 to the 3 lft of December 1800: And also,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by an Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, by the Dublin Society, from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December iSco, inclusive: And also.

The Account of the Commissioners for improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, from the 25th Day of March 1798 to the 25th Day of 1800: And also,

The General Account of the Governors of the Lying-in-IIospital, from the 25th Day of to the 31st

Day of December 1800: And also,

An Account of all Monies collected, received, and disbursed, by the Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin, from the 26th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800: And also.

The Account of Eduard Sankey, El'quire, Director of the Public Coal Yards of Dublin, from the 25th Day of B larch to the 31st Day of December 1800: And also. The Account of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast, from the 25th Day of March 1800 to the 31st Day of December following.

And the Titles of the said Report and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

V0 l# 5 7*

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session; and the said Report is Afptndix, inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 79.)

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the feve- Papers re- . fal Papers, Which were presented to the House, by Mr. ^r^n^fthe Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 15th Day of Trinidad, to April last, relative to the Island of Trinidad, be printed, be Pnnted* as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it so^Inting was referred to consider of Two Acts, made in the 19th Exdie Duties; and 28th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Duties on Auctioneers and Auctions, and for amending several Laws relative to the Excise; and who were inltructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Allowances for Soap and Starch made use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's

Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to exempt Estates, Goods, and Effects, bought in for the Owner by his Steward or Agent, or under a Notice signed by the Owner's Steward or Agent and the intended Bidder, from the Duty payable on Sales by Auction.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to exempt Goods and Merchandize imported from any British Colony or Settlement in America, or from the United States of America, from the Duty payable on Sales by Auction on the first Sale thereof, on Account of the Importer, within Twelve Months after the Importation of such Goods and Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Allowances granted by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Soap and Starch made use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories, do cease and determine.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr, Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr.

Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instruiSh'on; who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, on Home-made Spirits, on Starch, on Auctioneers, on Rum shipped as Stores, and on all Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise.

Bill ordered.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Accounts count of all Vessels which have annually cleared out from the Port of Liverpool for the Coast of Africa, for Trade, to be Slaves, Cnee the ift of January 17963 and also, of the printed. Account of all Vessels which arrived in the British West Indies from Africa with Slaves, since the 1 ft January 1796; be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply.

6 E consider

190 Mali.

A. 1801.

Estimate*

referred:

Tran (ports, &c.

S'.ck Prisoner* c*f W*r.

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordinary and Ex* Ordina- and traorc^*nai7 Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for One Lunar txtr"o^Navy. Month, commencing 21st 1802,-be- referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money that will be necestary for the Payment of the Lire of Tran (ports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 21 It May and j 7th June 1802, being One Lunar Month, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for One Lunar Month, commencing 21st May 1S02, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several jResolutions; which tlrey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Act relative tu Licences for Southern Whale' Fishery.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities for Ireland, pre-lrnted.

Gucnar Bounty Bill, pre-ici\tcJ.

Ordered, That the Order of 'the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale " Fisheries," as relates to obtaining Licences from the East India Company and South Sea Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cony presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfutartpresented to the I souse, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

O

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to yj^nssam* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. ' -

And the said Order being read accordingly; v

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. t

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pjeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrew Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next,- resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Debtors Relief further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Blll, defcrred‘ the whole House, to whom the Bill tOextend>5 and rendet more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32c! Year, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtor? with respect to the Imprisonment of their , " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Petition* re-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'i^ol^Goods House, to consider of the several Petitions which have imported into been presented to this House, in this Session of Parlia- coniidc'red ment, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers, being Importers.

Election Oaths Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by " Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to " vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths cc and Declarations required by Law to be taken and " made by Persons offering to vote at the Kleftion of €i Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by ]^aw to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to lcrve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Maruiers

upon

19° M

415

upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of Irish of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tc An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the " Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force " of Cavalry; and for making further Provision respect-‘c ing such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this K,ingdomas is now actually called out and embodied," as relates to the lie-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Refulved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto, be now read. ':

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rc.lblved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.; 1'

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. . , '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will ‘please to receive the tune.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Field Crops, &c. Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing to much of an Act, " made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty " Kin

The Order of the; Day being read, for the House to of Ser* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, vic^of"Yeo-the Bill to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the >>nry and Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to con- corps^defer-tinue; their Services; red.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolvy itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made Drawback on

g George the Second, as relates to the preventing in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and Sugar ex-the lluiling or ck stroying of Turnips, and for the allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; ^knd. more effectually preventing the dealing or destroying and for allowing Plantation Sugar to be ware-

of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Peale, and Hbufed in Ireland-,

from

Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John took the Chair of

the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House was moved, That the last of the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing further Bounties on refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and were then, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read

Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay reported from the accordingly, and is as followeth;

Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Si<lfbury Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Indorse Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the reported. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Pari 111 of Spe/shury, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the-Standing Orders of the 1 Ionic, relative to Bills of Inclos'urc, had been complied with, according to the l^eave granted by the House, on the 26th Day of jl larch last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor, who holds, for the Term of her Widowhood, 4 Yard-Lands, under Lord Dillon, the principal Proprietor; and that the W hole Property in the intended Inclosure consists of 58 That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Yard-lands; and that no Person appeared before the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee him to report, when the House will please to receive the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- fame.

Resolved, That whenever the Average Price of Raw ;c or Mufcavado Sugar, taken according to the Directions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

" shall be below Forty-five Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, a Bounty of One Shilling shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland of every One " Hundred Weight of refined Sugar in Loaf complete " and whole, or Lump duly refined; and Whenever the " Average Price of such Raw or Mufcavado Sugar.shall " be below Forty Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight,

" a Bounty of Two Shillings shall be payable on the " Exportation from Ireland of every One Hundred " Weight of such Sugar."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instru£Hon. mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to t lie said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That tli£ Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered,

Morning.

That the Report be received Tomorrow

ingroded.

Committee on respecting Provisionul Cavalry, deterred.

‘ The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ld'oive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot lb much of an Act, made in the 39th Year; Vol. 57.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Lotteries Bill Report from the Committee of the whole House, to <ltfcrrci*‘ whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of Medicine the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp comrrdt^d.'

Duties

476 i9* — 20° Mail. . 1802.

D ut tes on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

J rirkm- Bill, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

dckired. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° Maii;

Anno 42* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

Report on A MOTION being made. That die Report which, itchm j(\. upon the iath Day of this Instant was made recommitted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, Bill, further amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of cor.iidcred. tjjC j(jth an(j -th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, was rc-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question levevally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for sup-piying St. CrofsMills with Water.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be piade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for compelling the Proprietors of the River to keep Barges, in case none shall be kept by other Persons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the > Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be nude Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing what Rates shall be taken when Barges are kept by the Proprietors of the River.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Quession put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be mode Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Owners of Barges, who shall cease to na-

vigate the River, to give previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Proprietors.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingross'ed.

Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon reported frorri the Com- Cuiham Rod mittee, to whom the Bill for making, amending, wi- ^j,^pwtwR dening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of,

in the County of Offord, to, and thfough, the Parishes of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the County of Berks j

and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston Tirrold into the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County of Berks; and for

erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or Isis, at or near Cu/ham Wharf, in the said Parish of Cuiham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Inhabitants of the Places called Dorchester, Shillingford, Benjington, and Nettlebed, in the County of Oxford; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees or Creditors of a certain Turnpike Road leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cuiham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors under or by virtue of certain Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Paugborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry, lor and on the Behalf of themselves and other the Trustees and'

Creditors of the same Road; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and BurgeflTes, of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, in Common Hall assembled, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors of a certain Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, called Henley Bridge, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burden do make the Report from Member the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the report sUver-Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates top's Estate of George Silvertop, Esquire, in Pout Island, otherwise B‘"'

Pont Ealanu, in the County of Northumberland, and Winlaton, in the County of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arite by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Silvertop, Esquire, deceased; and for annexing

the

the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Ixafe for Twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silver lop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain

Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella and the Parish of Rylou, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silver-top, mollly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said George Silvertopto charge Part of the settltd Estates with the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds; and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the House-hold Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels* for his own Benefit; and also for veiling his Estate in Minster Acres, in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Liles, and to the Uses of the said Will, was committed.

Mr. Burden accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Sill passed. Ref.lived, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burden do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Liverpool and General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to

Prekirt Roads whom the Bill to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter,

reporte . ancj vary the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge " the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and " amending the Roads from Liverpool to " ton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of and to

vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Lees, of Whiston, in the Parish of Prefcot, in the County of Lancaster, Yeoman, Joseph Moss, of Prefcot aforesaid. Yeoman, Thomas Yates and George Tates, Executors of William Tates, late of Whifon aforesaid. Yeoman, and the Reverend John Barnes, of in the said County,

Clerk, Freeholders, and Owners of certain Coal Works in the Towmship of Whiston aforesaid; and of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Townships of Whiston, Huston, and Prefcot, aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said several Townships, was referred; That the Committee had con--^ide red the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's T'able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the 15*11, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

A(:ment Amendment, made by the I^ords, to the Bill, intituled. Moo"inclo- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain lure Bill, Common or Walls Ground, called Sinjin Alcor, and ^,e0llt°* VOL. 57.

certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth , viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 10.7 Leave out " in the Kingdom of & 11.3 " Ireland.'*

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forexchanging the settled Estate of Sir Estate Bill;

Prescott, Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another read.

Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Graveiey __ whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the opined! 1 Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Daventry whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common rep° Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds* within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Commonable Cottage, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Four Commonable Cottages, wrho could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed contains 39 Yard-Lands and an Half, upon which the Owners of 139 Cottages have Commonable Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted,

6 If An

Kxvmeh.im Ini lulurc Bill, jailed.

JLxtenhatn IncKifure Bill, committed.

Bill reflecting Poor Monies, presented.

Field Crops, &c. Bill, reported.

B-iI.ngU.ate i itli M.ii ktt Bill) reported.

47 8 20° Maii. A. 1802*

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fidels, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township and Parish of in

the Ealt Hiding of the County of and for making

Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Keyingham in ness, in the Kail Riding of the County of York-, and for making Com pen fit ion for the Tythes thereof; and also for the Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Roden1:am, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Thy line, Mr. William Taylor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Dunddspresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor 1 Ioule; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tlief day Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Western do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George " the Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or " destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually " preventing the dealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Peale,' and Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act, was committed.

Mr. Wfern accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Logrolled. *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Lushingtonreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the Cities " of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce " the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect

rt and encourage Fishermen, as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

' The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant was made from the

Committee to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, " and for better regulating, the Port of ," lo far

as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, whole Names are thereunder-written, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been obliged to serve Apprenticeships to their said Trade, and to be free of the City of London, and many of them, having no other Occupations, are wholly dependent thereon for Support of themselves and Families; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, the Trade of the Petitioners will be diverted into another Channel; and they conceive that Compensation should be made for the Injury which mull accrue to them, in the same Manner as has been granted to other Persons whose Interests are and may be affected by the said Act of the 39th Year of His Majesty's Reign: And therefore praying to be heard, upon the -Report of the said Bill, by themselves, and their Counsel; and that the House will grant to the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves and Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. Maiuwa ring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, palfed in the ill and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of ; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanvjell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanzve/l, JSezu

Brentford,

Bill to amen4 London Port Act, recommitted.

Petition of SugarCoopen, against D® BUI.

Tyburn and Uxbridge Roads Bill, reported*

42 Geo. III. 2b0 Mail.

Brentford, and Ealing, lo the Great Wellern Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, , and watering; the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

ctiiion for Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, St. Margaret's and others, the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Wuirted ^infer, was referred; That the Committee had

,e*K>rtu ' examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-

rected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners, in the Month of February 1799, presented a Petition to the House, Bating, amongst other Things, that the Parish Church of Saint Margaret was a very ancient one, and for a Century pall had been, and then was, considered as the Church peculiarly applicable to the religious Purposes of the House; and that the said Parish Church was then in a very defective State, particularly in its external Walls; and the Petitioners had caused the same to be surveyed by an eminent Architect and Surveyor, and, in his Judgment, the Sum of £.6,721. 18s. 4d. was necessary to effect the necessary Repairs thereof; and that thereupon the House was pleased to grant the said Sum of £.6,721. 18s. 4d. which the Petitioners have duly received. — Then,

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, Surveyor, being examined, said, That immediately after the Grant was made, the Petitioners proceeded in the several necessary Works, and previously entered into various special Contracts with the several Tradesmen for the Performance thereof; and that the Ellimates, made with a View to the said former Occasions, were formed on the absolutely necessary Repairs, without any Allowances therein for Superintendance of the Works, Fees of Office, Contrails with Workmen, and various other contingent Expences; and in the Progress of the said Repairs, it was discovered, that the Plates and other Timbers under the Roof of the said Church ;were so much decayed, that an entire new Ceiling was thought necessary, and various Alterations and Improvements were also necessary, with a View to the better Accommodation of the Speaker, and other Members of the 1 louse; and attending also to the Unity of Character throughout the Building, new Arrangements, and some Alterations were made, variant to the original Designs, which (together with the Circumstances before-mentioned) have contributed greatly to an In-crealc of the former Ellimates; and that the said Repairs have been nearly accomplished; but the Whole of the said Grant or Sum of £.6,721 (less only by the Sum of £.539. 18s. 6 d. now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Parish) has been already exhausted by Payments to the several Tradesmen on Account of their several Works, and in Payment also of the usual Fees of Office, with other considerable yet necessary Expences: That the Monies now remaining due to the said several Contractors, and others, for Work already done, and the Account of Works absolutely necessary to be done finally to cfleCl the said Repairs, will amount to the Sum of £.4,349. 9s. $d. first allowing for the said Sum VOL.57.

of £. 539. i8j\ 6 d.in the Hands of the said Treasurer; and without any jegard being had to the necessary Expences attendant upon this Application.' — Then,

Robert Abington, Esquire, Treasurer to the Parish,

produced his Book of Accounts, by which it appeared, that out of the said Sum of £.6,721. i8r. 4 there had been expended £.6,182, leaving a Balance in his Hands of £. 539. i8j. 6d.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed; as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House w;as moved. That an Act, made in the Address for 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Statement of tuled, " An Act to amend, and render more effectual, o^Comm

" Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His. fioners for " present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of of iln^Tax. " Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the " Land Tax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Proceedings of the Commissioners nominated and appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by virtue of an Act of the 39th Year of His present Majesty, for the Puyoole of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming; all Sales, and Contrafts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax; — distinguishing the Number and Value of the Sales, and Contrafts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contrafts for Sale; the Quantity of Stock purchased by the Produce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said Commissioners; the Expence incurred; and the estimated Value of the entire Property of which the Tenure has. been, or will be, changed by the Effect of such Sales, and Contrafts for Sale.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order; reported R«port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply' was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy Thousand Two EstabhAment Hundred and One Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, ° C avy* for defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the I\iavy, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 21st Day of May 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordi-That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven Thousand nary D* Eight Hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Establishment of the Navy, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 21 ft Day of May 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, Transport That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Nine °*

Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for One Lunar-Month, commencing the 21st Day of May 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sick Prisoner* That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be w#r* granted to His Majesty, for the Maintenance of Sick

Prisoners

A. 1802.

20° Mail.

Prisoners of War, for One Lunar Month, commencing the 21 ft Dav of May iSoz.

The said Refutations being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

F.n^lish Mi- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third fXd' Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for amending the

Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Mflitia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 25. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to u and, " in Pr. 47. 1. 1. -Pr. 123. 1. 6. To leave out from " any" to " Serjeant," in 1. 9.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to accept The House was moved. That the Order, made Yester-Service°of day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of Yeomanry the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to enable Corglu, llccr Mis Majesty to avail Himself of the Offers of certain deferred. Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

r *.. mi r'f _ A Petition of Captain Archibald late of the

r 'i" 1 1 [o'r' Marine Establishment at in the East Indies, was

J. c u/ a presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That vJJ'Jthe Petitioner, after several Years Pains and Attention, g ;t- and great Observation of the usual Mode of packing t.'f.cn. Cotton and other elastic Goods, hath discovered and invented a new and improved Method of retaining (Cotton in particular) beyond any hitherto invented or now in Use, the Performance of which being not only as cafy and expeditious as the ordinary Mode, but lets expensive, by effecting a considerable Saving both in Package and Freight, will be advantageous to the Commercial and Manufacturing Interests of this Country, and of great public Utility; and that the Petitioner lately applied to the East India Company, requelling their Encouragement for carrying his Design into Effect, by granting him a Per-Centage on all Cotton that shall be imported into this Country or China, or into any of the Ports of India, on the Company's own Account, which shall be retained after the Process invented by him, to which they have acceded, on the express Condition that the Company, as well as Individuals, be left at full Liberty cither to make Use of the Petitioner's Method of retaining, or not, as they shall judge proper; and that the Petitioner conceives, when his newly-invented Mode of retaining Cotton shall be disclosed to the Public, it will be deemed so highly beneficial as to be speedily and generally adopted in Practice, and will prove of (lill greater Bencht to the India and Foreign Importers, from the more considerable Improvement and Saving it will be to them in Package and Freight, than to those of the East Indies, the present ordinary Mode of Packing in Use with both the former being so much looser than, and inferior to, that of the East India Traders, whence the India and Foreign Merchants will derive so much more considerable Advantage to themselves, in the Article of Package and Freight, as to enable and induce them cheerfully to pay, 0

out of their thereby increased Profits, the same Premium which he has been willing lo accept from the East India Company, and the Individuals enjoying a permissive Trade under them; and that the Petitioner therefore humbly proposes, on having a proportionable Allowance secured to him on the Gross Sale Value , of all Cotton imported from the West Indies, and Foreign Parts,'retained after the Process invented by him, and also on having his aforesaid Agreement with the India Company established, and rendered effectual by the Authority of the Legislature, to make a full Disclosure and clear Specification of his newly-invented Method of retaining Cotton, so as to enable the Public to enjoy the Benefit of that Improvement; and that the Petitioner, being engaged in perfecting the said Invention, and in submitting the Arrangement he had made with the East India Company to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, with the View of engaging their Attention to the Matters Hated in his said Petition, was not till lately apprized that the Time for presenting Private Petitions was expired: And therefore praying,

That he may have Leave to present a Petition for the 'Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Cir- Ltavt given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as defiled.

Then a Petition of Captain Archibald Blair, late of Prtilio» the Marine Establishment at Bombay, in the East Indies, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying for such Assistance, in leaning to him the Benefit of his newly-invented Method of retaining Cotton, as to the House shall seem meet, the Petitioner having in View to promote the public Advantage whilst he aims at a proper Remuneration to himself.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, from the Committee of the whole House, to \

Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, empowering the Managers of the Lottery to appoint the Numbers of Tickets in the Second and Third Lotteries, and the Time and Place of the Drawing of the fame.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Money to arise from the Duties on Licences in Ireland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another

reported Lotteries Bill, horn the repo'1cd'

The Lords have passed

Fairfax's Estate Bill.

BHl respect-

ing Aliens, ordered.

Bill respect-

ing Julhce3 of Fence for Middlesex, &c. ordered,

20° M

481

Anotlicr Clause was of Tered to tie added to the Bill, for allowing the Act to be altered during this Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of Gilling East, in the County of York, Spinster (since de-deased) and the Hector or the Parish Church of Gil liny East aforesaid, with the Content and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of of certain Tythes,

Cattlegates, Customary Payments, and other Rights, belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Chufch, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, os Lady of the said Manor; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens " arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes,", might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was a!so moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First Day of " AnguftOne thousand Eight hundred, and until the

" End of the then next Session ol Parliament, and amend,

" an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, Act for

" ing Regulations rcj'pebling Aliens arriving in this Kingdom,

" or refulent therein, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act of the present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred, " and until the End of the then next of Parliament,

" and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An for

" ejlullijhingRegulations respectinAliens arriving in this

" Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes'," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repealing the said Acts; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Wickham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The I louse was moved. That an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration of the

Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the " Counties of Middlesexand Surrey as lie in and near the

" Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of " Felonies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The I louse was also moved. That an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further continuing, for a limited " Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An for Vo i. 37.

" the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex ,f and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for " the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repealing the said Acts; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer; Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in4 the fame.

The House was moved. That the said Act, made in Provision for the 32d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, poi?ceomces, might be again read. &c. to be

And the same was read accordingly. considered.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and " in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act, made in the " Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to " prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon " the River Thames,"might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made. That this House will.

Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision for defraying such Expences as may be incurred in supporting and maintaining the several Public Offices in Middlesex and Surrey, established by virtue of the said Acts;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the

House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision for defraying such Expences as may be incurred in supporting and maintaining the several Public Offices in Middlesex and established by virtue of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 6th Day Day appointed of this lnstant May, was made from the Committee, to j°g whom the Petition of Edward Jenner, Doctor of Physic, Report on was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday p^j"ner'* Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the °n 8'11 *or further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elec- Ration of tions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; the Trials of and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto. EUftionsf6*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, arid Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning*

Ten of the Clock.

6 G

Answ-cr of ]^>td Hurch-ininn to Vote of Tlunks.

Answer to

Vote of

Thanks to the Militia.

IV to the

\ oo:unry ami Volunteer Corp*,

2i° Mali.

A. 1802.:

Veneris, 21* Mali;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the follow* ing Letter had been received from the Right honourable Lord lint chin [on, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him in Obedience to their Commands of the i 2th Day of November last.

Turin, 8th May 1802.

Sir,

1 had left Malta before the Thanks of the House of Commons to the Army serving in Egypt had been received, they therefore did not reach me till many Months after they had been voted. I shall ever retain a proud and grateful Sense of the Honour which the House of Commons has been pleased to confer upon me. The able Assistance of the General Officers acting under my Command, the Order, Valour, and Discipline of the Troops, made my Duty a Talk of easy Performance, and at length led to that final and fortunate liiue which has lo juilly obtained them the Approbation of their Sovereign, and the Applause of their Country.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

With great Regard,

Your obedient humble Servant,

Hutchinson.

The Right honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons, &c.&c. &c.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to the Commands of this House of the 6th Day of April last, he had, by Letter to the Colonel, or other Commanding Officer of each of the respective Corps of Militia which have been embodied in Great Britain and Ireland during the Course of the War, signified the Resolutions of this House ': — That the Thanksof this House, be given to the Officers of the said Corps of Militia, for the lcasonable and meritorious Services they have rendered to their King and Country: And that this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the said Corps of Militia; and that the same be communicated to them by the Colonels, or Commanding Officers of the several Corps, who are desired to thank 'them for their meritorious Conduct:

And that he had received An fivers by Letters from moll of the said Colonels, or other Commanding Officers, tiefiring him to make their grateful Acknowledgment for the great Honour done the Militia, by the Notice which this House has been pleased to take of their Endeavours to lerve their King and Country,

Mr. Speaker likewise acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to the Commands of this House of the 6th Day of April lall, he had by Letter to His Majesty's Lieutenant of each County, Riding, and Place, in Great Britain, and to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, signified the Resolutions of this House: — That the Thanks of this House be given to the Officers of the several Coqis of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, and Infantry, and of the Sea Fencibles, which have been formed in Great Britain and Ireland during the Course of the War, lor the seasonable and eminent Services they have rendered to their King and Country: And that this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the said several Corps; and that the same be communicated to them by the Colonels, and other Commanding Officers of the several Corps, who are defiled to thank them for their meritorious Conduct:

And that he had received Answers by Letters from moll of the said Lieutenants, and from his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, desiring him to make the grdteful Acknowledgments of the said several Corps for the Honour done to them by the Notice which this House has been pleased to take of their Services and Conduct.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Graveley lathe Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and 1 *

other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable 1 xmds and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Daventry in-and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Bill> dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, pa c within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Daventry> in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Daventry y in the County of Northampton. \

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Coal Factors in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of against\on^ the Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of don Coal London for the Sale of Coals; and for preventing Frauds Murkct Blll# and Impositions in the Vend of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioners will be very materially injured, and the profelied Spirit of the Bill completely defeated: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel and Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Coqooration of the London Assurance Petition* of Iloulbs and Goods from Fire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling porate the His Majesty to incorporate, by a Charter, a Company to be called The Kent Insurance Company, for Insurance on pany.

Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire; and for ——

other Purposes relating thereto; and Setting forth, That ^nce°Com-U

the Petitioners were incorporated by Letters Patent under pany.

the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 29th

Day of April, in the 7th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Insurance of any Life or Lives,

and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire; and that

the said Charter was granted as an Indemnity or Return

2i° M

for Injuries which they suffered by a great public Calamity, and for a Sum of Money advanced by them, and paid into His Majesty's Exchequer; and that their exclusive Privilege, thus granted to them, has been enjoyed ever since, without the Establishment of any other Corporation for the Assurance of Houses and Goods from Damage or loot's from Fire, except the Ro\al Exchange Iniuranee Ollice; and that the passing of the said Bill into a Law may prove greatly prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioners, and would be a Violation of their executive Privil ge: And therefore praying, rPhat they may be heard, by themselves, their Counted, Agents, and Wit-netles, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Sun Fire A Petition of the Society of London Insurers, com-

OiEc.* Commonly called Flu Sun Fire Office Company, was also pre-any' fented to the House, and read; likewise Caking Notice

of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law, it will be a great Prejudice to the Interest of the Petitioners, by giving to the said intended Company various Privileges and Advantages over the Petitioners, who have, for a long Series of Years, carried on the Business of Insurance against Loss by Fire, and have paid several Millions of Pounds to Persons in-furtd from Loss by Fire: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard against the fame, by their Count'd, or Agent.

Foval Ex- A Petition of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange

cL.uu-AiUi- Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was likewise Tuncc om plicated to the 1 loufe, and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 29th Day of ^/>r//, in the 7th Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Assurance of any Lfle or Lives, and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire; and that the said Charter was granted as an Indemnity or Return for Injuries which they fullered by a great public Calamity, and for a very large Sum of Money advanced by them, and paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, no Part of which, or the Interest thereof, has ever been repaid to them; and that, by an Art of the 33d Year of 1 lis present Majesty, the Petitioners are empowered to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities lor Lives, and tohoid Lands without Licence in Mortmain; and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, they are also empowered to insure Vessels and Craft on Inland Navigations; and that, in every considerable Town in the County of Kent, and through the Unitd Kingdom, tfere a*e Offices under the Direction of the Petitioners for making such Assurance, and granting Inch Annuities; and that the Privilege, thus granted to the Petitioners, has been enjoyed ever since, without the Establishment of any othor Corporation for the AlFtrance of Houses and Goods from Damage or Loss by Fire, except the London Insurance Office; and the passing of the said Bill into a Law may prove greatly prejudicial to toe Interest of the Petitioners, and would be a Violation of then Privilege: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill; and that the' same may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Wit-nelles, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the tame Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Bill deferred. The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the said Bill;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tueftfoy M rning next;

VOL. 57.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeMersfor theY }

Tellers for the Noes JSlr Geary, )

1 eliers for the INocs,( sir Knatchbv.il: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

26.

20.

Ordered, That the Reverend Do cl or Vincent bedehred Dr. Vincent to preach before this House at S Margaret's, minster, upon Tuesday ,the 1 ft Day of next; being Day. " &

the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Thanksgiving: And that the Marquis of.

Worcester and Mr. Steele do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry to ^^ceiterk

the Lords, the ingrossed Bill'for extending the Provisions carry Kleflioa of an Act, made in (he 34th Year of the Reign of His oaths Bill to present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the the Lords‘

" Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain " Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken " and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election " of Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be' taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips thereto.

General De Lancey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed reported. in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A(fl for widening, improving, regulating,

" paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and " other public Passages and Places, within the King's " Town of Maidficne, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

" Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water; and for repairing the " Highways within the Pa'rish of Maidstone;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Wether all (from Account of the Custom Department of Ireland)attended at the Door; re_

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fented.' House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing 25th of March, of all Taxes or Additional or Increased Duties, imposed in Ireland from 1791 to 1801; distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each; its Amount in each Year; and the Total Amount of the Net Produce of the Whole in each "V car,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 58.)

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as iLall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees and Directors of the Phce- Petition of nix Fire Office, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to in- Fire office, corporate, by a Charter, a Company to be called Kent

Insurance porate the

e

rnt Tnfu-rance Com-y*ny.

Teiition of Coni buyers against London Coal Market Bill.

Tyburn and

t; xbrulpe Holds Bill, fiii'-d.

484 21°

Insurance Company, for Insurance cn Lives, and against Ixjfs or Damage by Fire; and for other Purposes relating thereto; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, about Twenty -one Years ago, established a Society, or Company for Insurance, in tire City of London, upon an ample Capital, and made themselves responfrble for all Payments which might become due under their Policies, without any Charter, or any liefer vat ion or Limitation between themselves and those amongst the Public Who should purchase Insurance from them; and that in every considerable Town in the County of Kent (in which County the Petitioners 'have paid many considerable Lodes) and throughout the United Kingdom, there are Offices under the Direction of the Petitioners for making Insurances against Fire; and that the passing of the said Bill into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, prdve greatly prejudicial to them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Count'd, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and against the several Clauses therein; and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uporl the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Buyers of Coals at the Coal Exchange in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Buyers of Coals at the Coal Exchange, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That there ascertain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and detrimental to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against l'uch Parts of the said Bill as affect their Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the 1 ft and 12th Years of the Reign of King George the First, the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 7 th and 34th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between 1 Tyburn and Oxbridge, in the county of ; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over

Hamveil Heath, through the Purishes of New

O t

Brentford, and Ealing, to the Greal Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Gravel Pits,

was reul the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, paired in the First

Mali. A. 1802.

and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fift^nth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for. amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, oyer Hanwell Heath, thrbugh the Parishes of Hanwell, Nezv Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and KensingtonGravel Pits.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Lotteries Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Paired- Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lot- > teries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

"Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Withemwick the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Com* J ,ure Blll> mons, within the Township of Withernwick, in the Parish of Withemwick, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, hv way of Ryder, directing, that the Lands shall not be drained under the Ad, without the Consent of certain Proprietors. 1

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Oucftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 47. 1. 17. To leave out from ‘‘Proprietors" to the End of 1. 7. Pr. 50.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Witherin the Parish of Withernwick, in the East Riding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Folkton, &c. Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Wastes, and Com- Committed.111' monable Places, within the Township of Folkton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East and West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton,. in the East

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation Mamifaaure of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland. of Ireland-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob house took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that

he

Bill respecting

Aliens,

presented.

Committee rrtpcCtimr Expenct> of Police Olitcci.

Sill for further JRegutation of the Trials of Controverted tie. lions, 4eien«d.

Scotch Militia Hill, deferred.

Sugar Bounty Hill, committed.

Debtors Relief Bill, again recommitted.

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re Live itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Hill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot making Provision^ for defraying such Expences as may be incurred in supporting and maintaining the llveral Public OlTiccs in Middlesex and cllablidied by virtue of lever.'-! Acts, passed in the 32d and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The lloufe resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had coinc to a ltesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second fime.

RefoiveJ, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief " of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was recommitted, be now read.

Vol. 57.

And the said Order being read accordingly \

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will now proceed to take the said Report into further Consideration;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now,", in order to insert the Words " upon this Day Three Months," instead thereof.

And the said Motion, and proposed Amendment, were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the House being informed that l'ome further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly rfefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas VanJittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVilmot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and " Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army " and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and " the Islands of Jersey, Guentfey, Alderney, Sark, and " Man;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for farther continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling " Post and by Time, to fych Persons as should be ufil-. " ling to contract for the fame;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of His Majesty Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Act s, palfed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cu'.ham Bridge; and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

6 H The

r

Considered.

The Lords have agreed to

Mutiny Bill-

Irish

Indemnity

Bill.

Bill for Farming the Duties on Poll Horses.

Marine Mutiny BilL

Henley Bridge and Culham Bridge Ruuds Bill.

G-

ClHirch.im Iiuloiurc Bill.

Hinxworth Inclosure Bill.

Irish Elfftions Bill, prefemcc£

Field Crops, kc. Bill, parted.

Accounts relative to Ireland, ordered.

f* ;* r

.Act for Juct on of N dional L»tbt ot i rr land, f»r*i»;cd.

21 ° Mali.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, anti Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands, within that Part of the Parish of which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of G lour eft er; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hinxworth, in the County of Hertford; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lee presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon ThursJayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Beading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as " relates to the preventing the Healing or destroying of " Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the " Healing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, " Parships, Pease, and Carrots;" to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of an " Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second, as relates to the preventing " the Healing or destroying of Turnips, and for the " more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying " ot Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parfmps, Pease, and " Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Exchequer Bills not in Course of Payment in Ireland till after 5th January 1802, as returned in an Account to this House on the 7th May Instant, amounting iof. 230,350 — and to£. 1,322,273. 6s. 8 d.; — (pccil)ing their Dates; and the Authorities under which th.ev w re issued.

Ordered, '1 hat there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Sum of f. 1,196,500, issued from the Iryh Treasury in the laftYear, for Payment of Exchequer or Treasury Bills; specifying the Dates of the Bills; and the Authorities under which such Sum was issued.

1

Mr. Corey presented to the House, according to Order, a Dili- ;o amend lo much of an Act, made in the Parliament ot Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting a certarn Fund in Commissioners at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the lledilation of the National Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans, " to t.iC Iiltc Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners 8

for carrying the same into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Coroners F«s whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Biu»deferrcd-Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Confederation of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, was committed, be received upon H'ednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Biltrefpeaing whole House, to whom the Bill for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others em- other Fasto-ployed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other nes' de*erred-Fastories, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Bill for raising Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Ser- a Sum by

c r7 j u j c j t- Annuities for

vice of Ireland, be now' read a Second Time. Ireland,

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the i,i(h Mariner* whole House, to Whom the Bill fot the further Encou- Bi,» ragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relat- reporte ing thereto, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to die House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill (or whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend regulating the an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regu- ^Sugar' °n lating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be craned warehoused. in Ireland, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to w'hcm wildmorc the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more 3jijclur*' effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- reported, and

ment, ^-committed*

merit, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting a " certain Fen, called / 11 dm ore in the County of

" and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments let out, or to be let out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compen-l'ating for the Tyt lies of such Allotments $ and for de* daring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the

several Allotments of the said Fen thall belong, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.21. 17 j. who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except tire Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 26. 9 s.id. who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill is afllfled to the Land Tax at 1,975.

ild.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

RefohedsThat the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Won Bridge A Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Corned Gaol,&c. mon Count ilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in the committed. County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River H'it ham, in the said Borough, and to crest a Bridge over forne other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open, and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough, and to purchase and take down several Houses lor the Purposes aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sibthorp,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

had directed him to report t9 the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ' '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That the Charge of the Allowances to be made to cer- of

tain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Ireland. Peace, for the Year 1802, be defrayed out of the C011-solidated Fund of Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report on whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so ^Licences' much of an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of for Southern His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encourag- wtale " ingaftd regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries," as "* relates to obtaining Licences from the East India Company and South Sea Company, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit British-buih Ships to carry on the Fisheriesin the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to' Bill ordered, permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the

Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Medicine resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

IJvrrpool A Bill for extending the Term, and for explaining,

committed' amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, making, widening, " and altering, certain Streets, Passages, and Places, " within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster; for supplying the said Town with freth " and whoietbme Water; for removing and preventing " Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing " additional Market Places; and for extending lo much " of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, " Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance " beyond the Liberties of the said Town for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets, and for further improving the said Town of Liverpool; and for providing and efrablishing Markets therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne ut Lancajhi&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report Way* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the and Mean*. vv]10ie House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee ' Vol. 57.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Franking Bin, resolve itself into a Committee of, the whole House, deferred-upon the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Poor Relief whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually Bill, deterred, distinguishing and relieving of industrious Parish Poor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better preserving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- committee on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Act respea-House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 36th L^acies^0* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing deferred, certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Persona Estates; and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes.

_ . f . Committee on

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Report of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Hujl Dock*

r . Petition,

consider deferred.

o

22° Mail.

Supply,

deterred.

Way* and

Means,

deterred.

Committee on Petition! rc ipecting Duties on GootU

imported into

Ireland,

deterred.

Cphaven Inclosure Bill, fepot ted.

h *.rt ix '. k.'t.ifr B'li, e.-d.

488 21

A, 1802.

consider of tin.* Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Dock Company of Kingston-upon-Hu//, under their Common Seal, was referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House-, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolverd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refoked, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers being Importers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 2 2° die Maii;

Anno 41* Georgii III"* Regis, 1802.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ooodcrftonr sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, pal' Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of CooderJIone, in the County of Norfolk, was

read the Third Time.

Resolvesd, That the Bill do pafss And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields,

Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of CooderJIone, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Su^i. °Unty allowing, for a Time to be limited, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon, granted by an Act: of this Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Jofhtta Smith do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waile Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts, was committed.

Mr. fofhua Smith accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House, on the 22d Day of March last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had cl ireefed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to cftahhlh and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of dlling hast, in the County of York, Spinster flince dewaU-d) and the Hector of the Parish Church of Fuji aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of Grace the Archbishop of of certain Tythes,

Cat!legates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said ivector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels ot Demcfne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of tire said Manor, was read the First Time.

Refuived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Rail- I-,ane,y way or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain Place Dock BilT called The Flats, in the Parish of Ll, in the County passed, of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks, called Caflell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanf.iiav.gd-aber by thick, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Baton at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from, or from near, a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks, called Caflell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Lla, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Balon at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats.

Ordered, That Sir fames Ham/yn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Two Accounts,&c. last of the Accounts, which were presented to the House rel^aenj° upon the 27th Day of April last, by Mr. Wetherall (from to be printed, the Revenue Department of Ireland) be printed, as shall be lulficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of a Paper, intituled, " Return made to Three Orders of the " Honourable House of Commons, of the 10th May,

" calling for certain Accounts relating to Ireland," be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Bill to amend Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting National Debe " a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the " Reduction of the National Debt, and to direct the " Application of additional Funds, in case of future " Loans, to the like Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners

missioners for carrying the same into Execution, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Rsfoh ed, That the Bill be committed.

R'fofvcJ, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House H^Dock* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Petition. to consider of the Report wl uch was made from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, under their'Common Seal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Steele (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Report, gives His Content, as . far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

]\ir. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion* when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported* Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was direct;d by the Committee to nunc the House, th°t Leave be given to bring in a Bi 1 for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull; for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for <c the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston- upon-Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Refer- voirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, 44 and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for those Pur- poles; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull and also, for making an additional Baton or Dock at Kingston-upon-Hul/, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber: and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works.

And Mr. John Smyth moved the House accordingly. Rill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing public Quays or W harfs at Kingston - upon-Hu!I; for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingsfon-upon- Hull \ for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, 44 Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for approprinting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; 44 and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town arid Port of Kingston-upon-Hul! \ ' and also, for making an additional Bason or Dock at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber y and for granting certain Hinds belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said W orks: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Samuel Thornton, and Mr. IVilber-force, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill respecting the making up of certain Accounts, ordered.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 27th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, inti-Vol. 57.

tilled, " An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excite, and granting 'other Duties in.

" lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public " Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of t he European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for " the Payment-of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly)

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for altering the Period of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before Parliament by the said Act: And that Mr. Hiek Mr.

Hi/ey Addington, anti Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^I°enJTTI']^ee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties Ml. upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicine?, and f-r charging other Duties in lieu thereof;, and for making -eitei aial Provision for the better Coiledlion of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

O O J *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sjteaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, tv hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

'Mr. Nieholas Vanfjttaripresented to the House, pur- Accounts

suant to their Order?, SV»d

An Account of the Value cf all Imports into, and Navigation» all Exports from, I,real Britain, for Eighteen Years, PrtfcattLi-ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and ditiinguishing the Value of Imports from the Ecjl Indies and China trom the Value ot all other Imports; and distintnuflnng the Value of Produce and

u V> _ -

Manufactures exported from the Value ot Foreign Articles exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value ot British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending 5th January 1802: And also,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5U1 January 1789 and the 5th January 1801: And alto.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, and the

Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men

O #

and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, 1794*

1795, 1 796, 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800, and 1801; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguish-

6 I in£

dfpettdix,

(ISo. 80.)

Corrmittee on b fl for raising a Sum by Annuities for Ireland.

Spcltbury Jii' if-imc Bill, polled.

Fx rotation of Wheit liom S >uth-ampton to (i uemfey, &c. to lx- Coil-lid ere J.

A£\ for prr-\entwnc of S::u. x mi';, to

be ci'i'.lidcifd.

I-j'li Mariners Bill, j asU-ii.

B.il for regu* hting the l)o.whack on S1 > "ir typ«'rt-eit I j r rn 1 :c-

' i, a.

490 220 — 24° Maii. . 1802.

ing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and tl\e Hrejl Indies.

And tiic Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That l'uch a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to thfc Volume.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pailures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spe/Jbtn in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de-lire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 31 it Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Aa lor regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, a d the Payment of the Duty on " Foreign Corn impo.tul; and of the Bounty on British " Corn exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ref lived. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ilielf into a Committee of the whole I ioufe, to consider of to much of the said Act, as permits the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Southampton, for the Sustenance and Use of the

Inhabitants of the Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

The 1 Ioufe was moved, That an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more eilectual Prevention of Smuggling " in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider of the said Act.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners; and for other Purposes relating

thereto, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Ref feed. That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Encouragement of Mariners; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and amend an Act, made in tire Jail Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from

Ireland; and for allowing Brit Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, was, according to Oider, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland-, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehous'ed in Ireland; and for granting

O O O

an additional Drawback on the Exportation of relined Sugar.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upen the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Pollage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; anti for reducing the Pollage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons.

And then the House adjourned tiil Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 24.0 Maii;

Anno 420 Georgii IIllU Regis, 1802. Prayers.

MR. Main-waring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trullees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Scawby, in the County of Lincoln (Part of the settled Estates of John Up pie he, Esquire) for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooton, in the said County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conicnt to the Bill, to the Satisfr.&ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pailures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships ot Kelly, and

Ofeby, and in the Parish of Ilaydor, otherwise in the County of Lincoln, w;as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Incloliire, had

been

Franking Eill

deferred.

Harrow Inclosure Bill, presented.

Uppleby's Elbte Bill, reported, and parted.

Kelhy, &c. IncloUire Bill,

reported.

West Challow Inclosure Bill, reported.

Sir George Prescott's httute Bill*

committed.

H II for sup-plvin^ Dublin with Pipe Water, reported.

Scrope'sEftnte Bill, reported, and passed.

42 Geo. III. 240 Mail.

491

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

Mr. Charles Ditndas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of U\jl Challozv, in the Parish of Letcombe RcgB, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the 1 louse, on the 13th Day of March last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, and also to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the* Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beeston Prefcott, Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Eflute of greater Value, in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefcvrc, Mr. Manners button, &:c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bere ford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament nowr in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ana found the same to be true; and that the Committee had.gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 'iliat the Bill, wiiii the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickinjov repurted from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lllates late of Frederick Janes Scrape, Esquire, deceased, in the* County of Lincoln, and deviled by his Will, in Truilecs, to be sold; and for applying

Vo 1. 57-

Part of the Monies arising from', the Sale thereof in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hau given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction' of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed' him to report the Bill to the Housei without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcfu/ved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr . Dickinsondo carry the Bill to; the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. v'

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and stonnall and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the 33d 9?rt'e ®ro71* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Bin, passed. '

Second, and the other in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Copier, to Whitchurch, and from thence to port, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to Bromwich and

Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to

mingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The WelshIlarp, in the Township of in the said

County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second. and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Houghton, within the Liberties or the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Suiop, to Ivetfey Rank, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampion-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Caffe Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; lo far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridgand Irom _ Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir George AugvjlusWilliam Skuckburgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, according Hull DccU to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Impaired in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present rieienU Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Whafts at;

" for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of " Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the " Port of Kings! on - upon-Hu I!; for making a Balon or " Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other " Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the " said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums " of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said " Port, for those Purposes, and for establishing other " necessary Regulations within the Town and Port ot " Kingston-upon-Hull"and also for making an additional Balon or Dock at Kingston-upowith an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty in Aid

of

24° Mail.

A \ 1802.

of the said Works: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Up* T«n An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

dUre BU1' Open ant^ Common Fields, Common Meadows, p c ' Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of

Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Pari 111 of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Jojhta Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Liverpool and An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term, and to amend, B^*|(COt||Rda^^, a'tcr> ar>d vary, the Powers, of an Act, passed in the ,pa c ' 371I1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and alter and " enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year " of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing " and amending the Roads from Liverpool to " Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the County Palatine of ;" and

to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-rv.Ied, " An Act to continue the Term, and alter and " enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year " of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing " and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot,

" Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentior.cd, in the County Palatine of Lancajlerand to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads.

Ordered, That General Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are From it thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable

mrshuC"'ToIi Lands in the Pari dies of Shi and Holwell, or One

a,ni ic.udi! of them, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the In.lHur? Btil. House, and read; Taking Nonce of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and ineli'iing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of 5 and Holwell

alotviaid; and betting firth, That the said Parishes adjoin together, and very considerable Parts thereof are intermixed with each other; and the said Division and Incdol'ure will be attended with great Inconvenience, and additional Exp nee, if the Parochial Situations of the several detached and inter.nixed Parts of the said Parishes are not, in some Infiances, varied and exchanged; and that the Boundaries between the several Hamlets or Dtvisions o* the said Parish of Shitlington are, in some Places, irreguiar and indiilinft, and it will be advantageous to the Parties interclled that the Commissioners named in the said Btil llrould be empowered to set out and declare the Boundaries as well of and between the said llvcr.il Parishes as of and between the several Hamlets or Divisiotu of the said Parish of,

hr as to ilraighion and shorten such Boundaries, and to render the same diliinct: And therefore praying, That Proulion may be made in the said Bill for efteftu-ating the Purpolls aforesaid, in such Manner as to the Hemic shall fee in meet.

„ , A Mess-.ge by Mr. Quay me, Yeoman U flier of the

R h Ci.cm => 1

to ii. Black Rod:

Mr. Six-aker,

Tiie Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Dclire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal I iighness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal High-ness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Alvanlcy, named also in the said Commission,-did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling I lis Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal High nets the Duke-of SttJJ'ex, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during His Majesty's Pleasure:

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Six, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,

" for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Poll and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the fame:"

An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the " Army and their Quarters within the United Kingdom, " and the Islands of Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and

" Man:''

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, lor the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law:

An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse, for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; for railing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act forerefting aWorkhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, " for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor " there," so far as the same relates to the erecting a new \Y orkhouse within the said City and County, lor the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof:

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Ixnv Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes o'r Chapdries of IVovkey, Westbury, Rodney-Stoke, Wcdmorc, Mear, Nyland,

Badgworth, Biddijluim, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar,

Axbridge,

42 Geo. III. 24° . 493

Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, B lea don,

and Lympsham, all in the county of ; and for

altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Loxton,

East Brent, Compton Bijl;cp, Biddi/ Wtare, and Ax bridge, tome or One of them, above and from a

certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made " in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretlord's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New " Inn, in the Parish of Wintlanflow, the County of

" Salop, and also the Road from Blue-mantle Hall, near " Mortimer's Crols, to Aymltrey, in the said County of " 1 lerctord; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-secondYear of the Reign of His present

" jesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to " Aymltrey Bridge:"

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts; passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first "Year of the Reign of His prei'fnt Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Stone, in

the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bouyhton, within the Liberties of the City of

Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Bonghton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadzvater, in the County of Sttssex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Af.ington Common, to DialPojl, and from thence, by Nep Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike, at Wef Grinstead , in the said County:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of Sain!George, Southwark, to Dart-ford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and for lighting and watching, or guarding the fame; and also, for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of F.ajl Greenwich and Paul, Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of llis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act: " for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County " of Wigtown -, and for the more effectually amending,

" widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, " the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton " Dfitglass, Gleniuce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of " near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and other-VOL. 57.

" wife regulating the making and repairing the High " Roads and Bridges in the said County:"

An Aid for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading from the South End of Browns Lane, in the Pafifn of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cran-brook, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, lb far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District; and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called ar-Gwilly to a Bridge called and from

thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of , in

the County of Carmarthen:

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by the Right honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right honourable Mary Wortley, late Countess of Bute and Baronel's Mountftuart, his Wife, both deceased:

An Act for velting the settled Estates of George Silver-top, Esquire, in Pont Island, otherwise Pont Ealand, in the County of Northumberland, and ,in the County of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John , Esquire, de-

ceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Bywell Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Lease for Twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of Ryton, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silvertop, mostly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds; and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for veiling his Estate in Minfler Acres, in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the said Will: _

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York: .

An Act for confirming a Feu Contract made between Oliver Colt, Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt, his Nephew, an Infant, and David Mufhet, of certain Parts of the Lands of Eastern and Western Garturk, situated in the County of Lanark, in North Britain:

An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to John Feilden, Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of Chester, deviled by the Will of Thomas Hunt, Esquire,

6 K deceased.

494

Maii.

A. 1802.

deccafed, and for substituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall, and for vesting the Purchase Money for the said Krtares in the County of in the find

Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Sinfin Moor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands, within that Part of the Parish of Chtircham which lies within the Manor of Chur chant, in

Ham Parker Hamond., Esquire, in the County of the County of:

in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Lies:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Richard Chapman, Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unlettled Estate in the same County:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and

Commonable Place's, within the Parish of Fenjianton, in

the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rollefion, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grotinds, within the Manor and Parish

of What cote, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several the County Palatine of Lancaster: Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

' An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Grounds, within the Parishes or Townships of Ahajion and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste and in the county of ; and Setting forth,

lands, within the Hamlet of Salt ley, and Washwood, in the That it would be attended with great Advantage to the

Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if Warwick: such Parts of a Common, called Sinfin Moor, and of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the certain Common Meadows, as may, under an Act, parted Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other in the present Parliament, be allotted to the said Pa-Commonable Lands jwd Grounds, within the Liberties rishes or Townships, were deemed and considered to be and Preciodts of Szverford, in the Parish of Swerford, in a Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be di-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common L'aftures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of zuortit, in the County of Hertford; and for extingui filing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish:

An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat:

An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the several Persons, (

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Propric- n^ton and tors of Commonable Lands in the Parishes of Shit ling ton Hoiwell and Holwell, or one of them, in the County of Bedford,

be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And Committte. that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WhitbreaMr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being' Owners and Proprietors of ^"provinoo5' Messuages, Lands, and Estates, in the Parishes of Al- in Alvafton vofionr&nd Boulton, in the County of Derby, was pre- in^rur^BilL

the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of in the

Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ami Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rirburyand Marton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, thcOpen Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in the Parish

of Ellerton, in the Fall Riding of the County of York:

vided, allotted, and inclosed, by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Biif < is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the lrtayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are *iVr»

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of forpavision*' Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Uitlkfton Chcllafion, in the County of Derby, was presented to the 1,lc'oUre House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Chellafion, in the County of Derby; and Setting forth.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the That it would be attended with great Advantage to the

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ran]kill, in the Parish of B/yth, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Worthington, and Breedon-/////, and Township of all in t lie Parish of

Breedon-on-the-Hi/l,in the County 0

Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if such Part of a Common called Sinfin Moor, and of certain Common Meadows, as may, under an Art, parted in this present Session of Parliament, be allotted to the said Parish of Chellafion, were deemed and considered to be

Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending in the House, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

42 Geo. III.

24° Mail.

495

said, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill . is Committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Account of Tiie House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Oakimpoied, General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; pt"nu ' he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Oak Plank and Oak Timber imported into England for Twenty-five Years last pad; distinguishing the Places from whence imported, and Each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the 'Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

jipptndix,

(No. 81.)

Accounts from Cli tniherlain's Office, pres-Mted.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague (from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1801: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleaning, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, wirhin the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, deanfing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, he. within the City and Liberties aforesaid; from the 29th of September 1800 exclusive, to the 29th of September 1801 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 1 7th Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the pretent Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the aforesaid City, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purposes of more effectually completing the said Navigation; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; from the 31 ft of December i8co cx-elusive, to the 3tftof December 1801 inclusive: And also. An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, pasted in the 33th. and 38th of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar-, and for making a more commodious Street or Paftitge at S;:o:o he. from the 31 ft of December 1800 exclusive, to the 3 ift of December 1801 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, clean'ing, and repairing, Blae'friars Bridge, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th Year of I Its present Majesty, for completing the said Bridge; al'.o, another Act, made in the 26th Year of His laid Majesty, for laying a Toll upon all ] lories and Carriages p 1 fling on S over the aforesaid Bridge; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; from the 29th of September 1800 exclusive, to the 29th of

September 1S01 inclusive: And also,

Vol. 57.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 18th Year of His pre- Majesty, for making a Street or Opening from -fields, opposite Chtfzvell Street, towards the East, into Bishopsgate Street; and allb, from the East End of Chif~ well Street, Westward, into Barbican; from the 29th of

September 1800 exclusive, to the 29th of September 1801 inclusive: And allb.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the 39th of His present Majesty, for rendering mote commodious, and better regulating, the Port of London, from the 31st of December 1800 exclusive, to the 31st of December 1801, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received by the Chamberlain of the City of London, from His Majesty's Treasury, out of the General Tonnage Duties made payable by an Act of the 39th of His present Majesty, towards defraying the Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the Mooring Chains in the River;

and also, for paying the Salaries and Wages of the several Harbour Matters, and their Assistants; from the x 1 til of March to the 31st of December 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Thurlby the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open reported^and I Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and re-committed, other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their.Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where thd Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Saxelby in the Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, orahw^Biii, the Open Fields, Half-Years Meadow Land, Common reported, and* Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within, or near re'committeci to, the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townfilips of Harby and Rroadholm, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him j:o report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition

A. 1802.

496

2 40 Mali.

Vt\ ition of Inhabitants ot Stamford, against Bull-buiting Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Damage by Pi re, and for other Purposes relating the re-thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Householders and to; and Setting forth, That, should a Charter be granted Burgesses of the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the of the Extent proposed in the said Bill, it would in veil County of Lincoln, was prel'ented to the House, and the new Company with Powers of far greater Extent read; Setting forth, That the said Borough was incor- than have ever been granted by any Charter to any porated by Charter above Eight hundred Years ago, and Body of Persons w'hatever, and would, as the Petitioners then obtained many valuable and singular Rights and conceive, be highly dangerous to the Public, and ex-Privileges; and that the Castle of Stamford was the Re- tremely injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore pray-fidence, and the Honour and Manor of Stamford the ing. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Property, of ll illiam Karl Warrenne-, and that, in the Principle, and against the several Clauses of the said Twelfth Century, the said Earl, whilst lb residing at his Bill; and, finally, that the said Bill may not pass into Castle of Stamford, gave in Perpetuity a Meadow ad- a Law.

joining the said Castle to the Butchers of the said Bo- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, rough, to feed their Cattle after die first Grass is eaten, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the on Condition that, annually, on a certain Day Six Weeks Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the before Christmas, the said Butchers should find a Bull to laid Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

be run in and through the Town of Stamford-, and that Ordered, That Counsel be admitted.to be heard, at this Diversion has been constantly exercised and enjoyed the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the by their Ancestors, and they are very anxious that the said Petition, laid Rights and Custom be transmitted to their Defendants; and that a Bill is now before the House to A Petition of the Reverend the Warden and Fellows Petition abolish the Custom of Bull-baiting and Bull-running, of the Collegiate Church of Christ, in Lords N^f^for

which, if passed into an Act of the Legislature, will of the Manor of in the County Palatine of Newton In-

deprive the Petitioners of their said Custom, and the cafer, and of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto closure* "Rights thereto belonging: And therefore praying the subscribed, being the Proprietors of the Common or House to confirm to the Inhabitants of the said Town Waste herein after described, was presented to the House, and Borough their laid ancient Custom of Bull-running, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Leave and the Rights and Privileges belonging thereto; and granted by the House on the 15th Day of last,

that the same may be granted, either by a Clause in the Notices have been given on the Door of the Parish said Bill, or by such other Ways and Means as the Church of , in the said County Palatine, on

Alfreton Road Bill, reported.

House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord George Augustus Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from

Sunday the 21st Day of March last, and the Two following Sundays, of the Application to Parliament for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton, and Parish of Manchester aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common or Waste, in such Manner, Alfreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the was committed; That the Committee had examined the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lane a Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

W irV Twrortk Kf>ad IJ.il, ccxiim.ttfed.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whiclf they had directed him to report to the Iloiife; and he read the' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend- Records, ments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d

The Lords have passed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for DeVande* naturalizing Alexandre De Vandes, commonly called Nat. Bill.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George Compte De Vandes-, to which the Lords defir-e the the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen- Concurrence of this House.

" ing the Road from the Moot Hall, in IVirksworth, to " the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braffmgton,

" at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulla'id Ward; and also, the Road from the said Moot " Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Irirti Yeo-enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services Ordered* of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland:

" Cross Post on kVirkfworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at And that Mr. IVickham, Mr. Corry, Mr. Secretary at " or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the War, and Lord Viscount , do prepare, and

" Township of IVirksworth aforesaid, all in the County bring in, the fame.

" of Derby,"was read a Second Time.

T>rir'on of Tnilters of Prlican Life Instinmce Otftcc, aptinct Kent Insurance Company Bill.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mttndy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees and Directors of the Pelican Life Insurance Office, in Lombard Street, London,

Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart presented to the House, ac- Bill for con-cording to Order, a Bill for consolidating the Provisions ^<Jsa|{Jnr* of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale Redemption of the Land Tax, into One Act; and for making further of Land Tax Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for pre en c removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by a which shall have been redeemed or purchased: And the Charter, a Company to be called The Kent Insurance same was received; and read the First Time.

Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Refol-jed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 . Ordered,

42 Geo. III. 240 Mail.

497

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

irish Mr. Wickhampresented to the House, according to

Corps HiU, Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to accept, and con-

preknted. tinue, the Services, of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IFednesday Morning next.

Excite Re ju- Mr. Nicholas Fan fit tart presented to the House, accord-

btion Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for exempting from the Auction

prcente . Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any Ship from any British

Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Ui'c of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Bum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an PTaxcjCnt Account of the Net Amount of the Permanent Taxes ordered*. of Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5 th April

1802; distinguishing each Quarter.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for taking into AftfirKdrf further Consideration, the Report from the Committee Persont. of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and 1*-committed, render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of " Livings, and from taking of Perms, See." was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Co&Hdcred. The Iloufe accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the

laid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken fnto further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of tire said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be l'ulhcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

VOL.57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Biiirespe£*ing Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported RcP0!?. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Expencefo f was referred to consider of making Provision for defray- Police oices. ing such Expences as may be incurred in supporting and maintaining the several Public Offices in and

Surrey, established by virtue of several Acts, passed in the 32d, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made out of the Consolidated Fund (if necessary) for defraying the Charge of additional Salaries to the Justices of the said Public Offices, and of any other additional Expences of supplying and maintaining the fame.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instruction. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing Two Acts of the 32d and 36th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill for raisin® from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Annuities fox Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of An- Ireland, nuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland, was rePorteJ-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, R>11 for AI-a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to officfrTof0 Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland during Peace: Militia of And the same was received; and read the First Time. mfeneU.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr NicholasVavfittart presented to the House, ac- Billrefoefting

cording to Order, a Bill for altering the Period of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, di- Accounts,]

6 L reded Prtf,nK,i-

L»

24° Mail. A. 1802.

reeled to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Snpr Bounty Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Re-Biii, reported. port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-mendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time 7o-morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to *'!| "mend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ked.m ion of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Par-of lre!!indDtbt l'anicnt of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of His re 4,1 present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners, at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans, " to the like Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Full baiting Bill, put off for I lircc Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for preventing the Practice of Bullbaiting and Bull-running;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Sheridan,

Dent:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sl

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill bo read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Petition of A Petition of the Sugar Coopers of London, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the ai-unit Kill House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the Act, passed to amend in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for nXa. rendering more commodious, and for better regulating,

the Port of London, certain Rates are directed to be paid to the Directors of the f India Dock Company by the Owners of Ships or Vessels using such Docks, as a Satis-3

faction for (atnongst other Things) the Cooperage, and Hoops and Nails, which the Cargoes thereof may require in the unlading thereof; and certain other Rates are to be paid by the Owners or Consignees of such Goods to such Directors, in Satisfaction for (amongst other Things) such Cooperage as the same may respectively want alter being unshipped; and that the Cooperage to such Goods in the unlading thereof, and after the same have been unshipped, is Part of the Trade of the Petitioners, and of which they will be deprived by the Provisions of the said Act; and Doubts have been entertained whether the same of the Petitioners is included in the Words of the Section of the said Act, authorizing certain Persons therein named to claim Compensations for the Injury, Loss, or Damage, they may suffer or sustain by the Works in the said Act mentioned; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, to alter and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established; and, in order to remove the Doubts aforesaid, and to entitle the Petitioners to claim Indemnity, they hope that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill to grant them Liberty to claim Compensation for such Injury as they may suffer in their Trade and Occupation, in consequence of the Clause referred to in the said Act: And therefore praying, That they may be heard upon the Premises, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, before the Committee, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-lelves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufiifture in Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually distinguishing and relieving of industrious ParishPoor; and for the Regulation of Overseers Accounts; and for the better prefierving of the Lives of adjudged Bastards, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upo Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Bill respecting the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, deferred.

Poor Relief Bill, deferred.

Committee on Ait respecting Duties on Legacies, deferred.

Supply,

deterred.

Ways And

Means,

deferred*

Medicine Duties Bill, deferred.

Committee on Exportation of Wheat from Southampton to Gticrnfey, Ire. deferred.

Committee on A a for preventing fcmu-k ling.

JReported.

Bill ordered.

Fnnking Bill, deferred.

Petition respecting Notices for Oofton In cloture, reported.

42 Geo. III. 240 — 250 Mail. 499

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Henry Knight, Owners and Proprietors of Estates

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to in the Parish of , in the West Riding of the

whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year County of was referred; That the Committee had of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other rested him to report the lame, as it appeared to them.

Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provi- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; lion for the better Collection of the said Duties, was and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where committed; the same was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, by ant Morning. Affidavit produced to the Committee, it appeared.

That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to the ill Day of April last. Notices were given on the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Door of the Parish Church of Crofton, in the West con fid cr of lo much of an Act, made in the 31st Year Riding of the County of York, on Three Sundays in of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Ex- the said Month of April, of an Application having portation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill Southampton, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabi- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and tants of the Islands of Cuernfey, Jersey, and Alderney; Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- said Parish, in such and the like Manner as such Notices ing next, relblvc itself into the said Committee. are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the

House, relative to Bills for inclosing, draining, and pre-The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a serving Lands.

Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, The House was moved. That the Petition of John made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Earl of and the humble Petition of Sir

jesty, lor the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Henry Wilson, Knight, Owners and Proprietors of Estates this Kingdom. in the Parish of Crofton, in the West Riding of the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. County of York, which was presented to the House upon

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the (Com- the 24 th Day of March last; and also the Report which mittee. was made from the Committee, to whom the said Peti*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. tion was referred, might be again read.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, And the same being read accordingly;

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Bill ordered.

Motion, when the House will please to receive the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. lame. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcel/es do prepare, and

Ordered, That the Report be now received. bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom Hamilton*, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sported,

Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, the said for veiling the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston, passed.

Act. Williamston, Barncluth, Udfion, Birdsfield, Bellsfield, and

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accord- Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of ingly. and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander alter, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: Hamilton, of Pencait/and, Esquire, upon the Thirty-first

And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-and Mr. HileyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the seven, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame, and invest

time. the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of The other Order of the Day being read; Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon committed; That the Committee had examined the the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

Foliage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parlia- and that the Committee had directed him to report the ment of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he Officers therein named; and for reducing the Poltage on delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table, such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by And the said Bill was read the Third Time, any other Persons. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Stuart do carry the Bill to the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Morning, Ten of the Clock. to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to Thurso whom the Bill for building and maintaining a Harbour '

and Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and , found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

MR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, whom the Petition of the Right honourable John in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Earl of Westmorland, and the humble Petition of Sir Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

Vol. 57. by

Martis, 2 50 die Maii;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

Aifrrfon R'Md Bill, pallid.

Shelby Inclosure and Drainage re-committed Lull, reported.

Tlmrlby Inclosure re-committed Bill, reported.

Wild more Fen Inclosure, &c. re-committed Bili, reported*

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from in the County of Derby ,to the Town of was read the

Third Time.

Bcfolyed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from in the county of .Derby, to the Town of Derly.

Ordered, That Mr. Mtiiidydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within, or near to, the Farish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townships of Harby and Bro, in the County of Nottingham, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of,

in the County of Lincoln, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain " Fen, called IVtldmore Fen, in the County of ,"

and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments fetout, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compenfeting for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong, was rc-comraitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Sub-division and Inclosure of ConingsParochial Allotment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Matt. 1802.

Lord Viscount Cajllereagk reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company, was referred; and who were empowered to report their Observations thereupon to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Rej>ort do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the Cities " of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the " present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect and " encourage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the Cities " of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce " the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect " and encourage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Garthjhorepresented to the Ilouie, pursuant to

their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Timber and Plank used in His Majesty's Navy, from ift January 1780 to 31st December 1801: And also,

An Account of the Stock of Timber that would be delirable or necesiary to be kept in the respective Yards, for the effectual and constant Repairs, Re-building, and keeping up the Navy: And also.

An Account of the Contract Prices for Timber and Plank, paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, since the Year 1770, to the latest Period the same can be made up.

Together with the Schedule of the said Accounts.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Maltsters, resident in and near in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, perceiving by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet any Grain making into Malt, after taken out of the Cistern, until the End of Twelve Days, on Penalty of Two Hundred Pounds, are apprehensive such Regulation will be prejudicial to the proper making of Malt: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered,

Petition of the Sierra Leone Company.

Billingsgate Fish Market Bill, pallid.

Account*

respecting

Timber,

presented.

Appendix,

(No. 82.)

Petition of Mai titers of Kidder-minster respecting the making- of Malt-

50r

Bill for Allowances to Officer* of Militia of Ireland, committed.

Ordered, That the Older of tiic Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an MoncySvoted Account of the Money remaining in the Treasury of in Ireland for Ireland, of the Sum granted in 1795, for defraying the Charge of raising Men in Ireland for Manning the ordered. Fleet.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain Sum ot Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie be added to the b relative Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring to southern in, a Bill to permit Bri Ships to carry on the iifi.ene*. Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company.

Bill presented. The lx>rd Glcnbcrvie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit built Ships to

carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities for IrtlaJid, deferred.

Member

Biilreipefiinjj Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second d*Urre^Uk5' Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, lo far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Petition of a Petition of the Reverend Samuel Clerk,

Liverpool* of arK^ the Reverend Robert Clerk,

agaimt Liver- Redlors of the Parish of Liverpool, in the County of

Lancaster, and the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vettry Clerk, of the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Houka and Lands in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the 'Term, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering, " certain Streets, Railages, and Places, within the Town " of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, for " supplying the said Town with trelh and wholesome " M ater; for removing and preventing Nuisances and " Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market " Places; and for extending lb much of the Powers of " an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, " as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, VOL. 57.

" and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liter- '

" ties of the said Town for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets, and for further improving the said Town of Liverpool-, and for providing and establishing Markets therein; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, and most of the other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, will be materially affected, and their real Property therein considerably injured in its Value, should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all hav^ Voices who come to the Com- _

mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill to amend' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend lb much of an Act, made in the Par- National Debt liament of Ireland, in the 37th Year of the Reign of of Ireland,

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vefbng a reP°rtedcertain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the " Reduction of the National Debt, and to direct the " Application of additional Funds, in case of future " Loans, to the like Purpose," as relates to the Com-inissioners for carrying the same into Execution, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bilirefpeaing-Reading of the Bill for altering the Period of making the making-

1 r 1 1 r* t 1 , Up Of Certain

up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be Accounts, laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of commuted. the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Sugar Bounty Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for allowing, for a Bll!»Pafred" Time to be limited, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 M Mr.

503

350 Mali. A. 1802.

Dmi^Ril! ^r- Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported reported. ' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Dr Tenner'* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

P«itfon)er Consideration the Report, which was made from the eonMered. Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Jenner, Doctor of Physic, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stranger and Mr.

have agreed to Smith.'

Mr. Speaker,

Militia The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An, Act

fcwanceiBilL ^or making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

Catfield, kc. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, D..<inage ill. Commons, an(j Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds; without any Amendment: And also, r.flRngham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indoiureBili. for allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effing-

ham Upper Common which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of , in the County of

Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

Tiurfton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

in' iciure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Dur.thurch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act br»ige R.wd to cont, nuc» until the First Day of May One thousand Bin, with an Eight hundred and Twenty-three, and from thence to the Amendment. £nd of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stcmbridge, in the County of IVanvick; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

' b u Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

re-commitud. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refol-ced, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill bi re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of A/hburton, and the Town of Newton Bushell; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moor's Barn to the End of White Hill Lane, in the Parish of Highwick; and for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Dean Clapper Hill, at the West End of the Village of Prior, in the Parish of Dean Prior, through the Village of Dean Church Town, and from thence, through the Parishes of Rattery and South Brent, to Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon -, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect: an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others, concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Considered.

Bill to accept Offers of Yeomanry and Voluuteer Corp* deterred*

Committee on Franking Bill*

The Lords have agreed to

Ashburton Roads Bill.

Liverpool.

Exchange

Bill.

Styrrup, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Oiiicouu, ic. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open uciuiurt . pjejj3^ Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, Oldcoats, and Farworth, and so much of as is within the

Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of B/ytk and Haruorth, or one of them, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dayanpointed Ordered, That the Bill for making, amending, widen-n5» an(J keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cutham" R<wd London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Culham, in the wd Bridge County of Oxford, to and through the Parishes of -Blll‘ cote and Hagbcrne, in the county of ; and from

thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aftoti Tk-ro/d into the Turnpike Road near the Village of in the said County of Berks; and for erecting a Bridge across the River 'Thames or at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bill reflecting Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-Pea'c'for cording to Order, a Bill for repealing Two Acts, made Middlesex, in the ^2d and 36th Years of the Reign of His present *c. primed. Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill rrfpcfting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

deterred.'* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or reftdent therein, in certain Cafes; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into rt peeling further Consideration the Report from the Committee

at'c^ton'and of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Preserva-other Facto- tion of the Health and Morals of Apprentices, and confilirell^ others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Visitors to be appointed under the Act, to call in a Phvfician in case of any infectious Disorder.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Vol. 57.

upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Motion for Reading of the Bill to render the Process of His Majesty's ^g°of irith*d' Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, courts Bill, in Personal Actions, in that Part of the United King- withdrawn, dom called Ireland, more beneficial; and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 2 ift and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials " by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin; and " for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer " more effectual," as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, committed to consider further of the Bill to extend, and render more Debtors Relie f effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32ft BlU*

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect. to the Imprisonment of their Persons;

" and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Viscount Belgrave took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Viscount Belgrave reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they ltad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day^ for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, th‘er Reguia-to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulation tion of the of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of controverted Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the ElefUons. Proceedings relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty.

Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members being then found to be present;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill respefHng-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for of Ireland, the better Regulation of the linen Manufacture in lre~ deferrcd-land, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An

A. 1802.

25" — 26°

DeVande's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill, read. for naturalising Aiexan Vandes, commonly called

Coinpte De Fandes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Proceeding* Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Second on Bill to in- RCii(jing oi the Bill, for enabling His Majesty to incor*

corporate the o» t> ' /

Kent porate, by a Charter, a Company to be called The Kent Insurance Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against ompany. or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes rotating

thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for better securing certain Powers " and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty " by Two Charters, for Afi'urance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea; and for lending Money upon Bottomry; and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Maii;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

R. Char lei Duiidas reported from the Committee,

Prayers.

Ecchlnfwell

reported!Bl11' XVA to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Down, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Tything of Ecchinfivell, otherwise ltchingswell, within the Parish of Kings cl ere, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notiif uker. The House being informed that there was a Mistake of a Miftike in in the Name of the Person returned at the last Election Ntiitown? *or " a R urge Is to lcrve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Newtown, in the county of;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return for the said Borough ot

Andhe attended accordingly.

And the said Return was read; by which it appeared.

that the Person returned as the Burgess for the said Borough is therein named llvan Lave, Esquire.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of December 1790, in Relation to the Return for the Shire of Sutherland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that Robert Clarke,

Esquire, the Returning Officer at the last Election for the said Borough of Newtown, attended at the Door; he was called in; and being examined at the Bar, gave Evidence, that the Person elected, and intended to be returned, was Ewan Law, Esquire, of Brook Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of and that the Word " Evan" had been inserted by Mil-take instead of " Ewan."

Ordered, That the said Return be amended, by rafing Return out the Word " Evan," andi inlerting the Word " Ewan" *meade"* instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Petition this House, complaining of the said Election or Return, within Fourteen Days next.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, Mald&ont palfed in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving,

" regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets,

" Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within " the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of " for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for " better supplying the said Town with Water; and for *" repairing the Highways within the Parish of " stone-,"and for raising a further Sum of'Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving,

" regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the " Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places,

" within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County " of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, \

" Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein;

" for better supplying the said Town with Water; and " for repairing the Highways within the Parish of " Maidstone;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill.to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fairfax* to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of Gilling East, in the County of York, Spinster (since deceased) and the Rector of the Parish Church of Gilling East aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of York, of certain Tythes, Cattlegates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blachburne of Lancashire reported from the Com- Petition remittee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend the War- ^'ticef for den and Fellows of the Collegiate Church of Chrljl, in Newton Manchester, Lords of the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of several Persons, p

whose

A2 Geo. lit. 5t 60 Ma. 505

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of the Common or Waste thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Halfead, being examined, said. That, in pursuance of Ixave granted by the House on the 15th Hay of March lait. Notices have been given on the Door of the Parish Church of , in the County of Lancaster, on Sunday the 21 ft Day of March last, and the Two following Sunday, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton, and Parish of Mane/after aforesaid.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Revyrend the Warden and Fellows of the Collegiate Church of Chriji, in Ma Lords of the Manor of

Newton, in the County Palatine of , and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being all the Proprietors of the Common or Waste situate within the said Manor, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

BUI ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Meijicine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Dune, Bill, J>cading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to repeal an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jcliy, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making cifectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

'The laid Bill was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for railing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third a sum by Reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum

Annuities for - ,° , ® r „ ,® r,

Ireland, ol Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day,'for the Third Ait for Rc- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so much National Debt of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the ot Ireland, 3^ tli^Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

paired. An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners

" at the lend of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them " applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and " to direct the Application of additional Funds, in " case of future Loans, to the like Purpose," as r4ates Vo L. 57.

to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End " of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to " the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direct " the Application of additional Funds, in case of " future Loans, to the like Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Excise Regu-Reading of the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Ul'e of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch,

Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill relative to Reading of the Bill to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence committed, from the East India Company or South Sea Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported pranking Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom tlje reported.

Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll:, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons, w'as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

6 N

A 1802,

506 Mail.

totdi Militia Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for receiving

Bill, deferred. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received ^Tomorrow

Morning.

KUfywifinf The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «dlend " An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties

" of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Tyrwhitt, Sir William and Mr. Gregor, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House offerTof Ser- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vice of Yeo- upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to avail himself of Volunteer* the Offers certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to Corps. continue their Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for railing Mr. Secretary at Warpresented to the House, accord-

a Body of ing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the prated. 3.8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the " Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of " the Kingdom, during the present War ;"and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain: And the fam was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

c^thead,»!r The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon

Petition, re-

tfces 1 ft Day of March lall, was made from the Com-ferred to mittee, to whom the Petition of Henry Greatkead, of Committee of South Shields, in the County of Durham, Boatbuilder,

was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

n.e Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr.

have agreed to Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

Lotteries Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also,

Tyburn and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County or and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, ovcf Hamvell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanivell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting,-watching, artd watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kenjtngton Gravel Pits; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act f*^"*. for repealing an Act, polled in the Twenty-fifth Year jj-h,6* of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Temple Bar. for raising a further Sum of Money for carmng into ^eiit'BilL*'" Execution Three several Act?, passed in the Thirty-fifth Thirty-eighth, and in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth-Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of near

Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious Street! or Passage at Snow Hill-, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act st Anne'* for completing the re-building of the Tower of the Parish (WeUimmifeif Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, By£rc ' c‘ in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room,

Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church-yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westbwy for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and ^tlofure BilL Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* vesting in Oliver Delancey, Esquire, Barrack Mailer have General, a Wharf and certain other Hereditaments near Maidstone, in the County of Kent, late the Estates of '

Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *'! re, P*aine the Bill for repealing several Acts for estabtishing Regu- iens* lations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rc-fident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Definitive Peace between His Britannic Majesty and the French treaty of Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic, Tcl^‘ signed at Amiens the 27th Day of March 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- infauaion. mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for enabling One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the Chief Secretary of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to issue Warrants for apprehending, and delivering up to Justice, Persons accused of the Cripies of Murder, Forgery, or fraudulent Bankruptcy, committed within the Jurisdiction of the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, or the Batavian Republic, respectively.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

4a Geo. lit.

s6° M

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Coma mitlee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. llenry Alexander reported from the Committee,' That they had gone through the Bill, and mide feveratl Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac-rfucHonof*" cording to Order; a Bill to amend, and render more effec-National Debt, tual. Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 32d Years of the predated. Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

irish Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

cor^BiiT Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to accept, and cwumittccL continue, the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Bill for Allowances to Officers of Bliiitia of Ireland.

Bill respe&inf Justices of >>ace for Bliddlesex, Jcc. committed.

Committee of Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland during Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-fnorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the 3 2d and 36th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vox,. 57,

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may Effinate of be wanted for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Emigrant^ Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corf can Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the remaining Nine Months of the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed thfe Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committed,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by. the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart do make the Debtors Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, the Bill^re^rted. Provisions of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the " Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

" who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit," was again re-committed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, ind which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hopfe to resolve itself into a Comrfiittee of the whole House, Minu&ftuie to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in /re- e land, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Cwimuttre oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duties <» consider further of an Act, made in the 36th Year of legacies, the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered\

Reported*

Bill ordered.

Account of Application of Vote of Credit for Ireland, ordered.

Coroners Fee* Bill, deferred*

Committee on

Act respecting Provisional Cavalry, deferred.

Committee on Petition* re-Jpecting Duties on Good* imported into Ireland, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on

Exportation of Wheat from Southampton to GuernUy, See, diiVircd*

Bill respecting Poor Kloufcs, Committed*

508 $6° — 270 Maii. A. 1802*

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty: And that Mr. Henry AlexanderMr. Nic kolas Vunfit tart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the general Heads of Service to which the Sum of ^.334,368. 145. 10 stated, in the Public Accounts of Ireland, to have been iflfued under the Vote of Credit, has been applied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of June next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry; and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry " of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and erabodied," as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions which 'have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers, being Importers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the I % y being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Southampton, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the Islands of GuernfJersey, and Alderney;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief

and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Wickkath have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin -with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose, be read the Third Time upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, .2 70 Maii;

Anno 420 Georgii III. U Regis, 1802. Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, heretofore passed for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to in the County of Wanvick.

And the said Amendment was Once read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 11. After " contained" insert Ci except " such as relate to Exemptions from " Stamp Duties."

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Williams Wynn be

added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord of

Blithfield, in the County of Stafford, and of Poolpark, in the County of Denbigh, Lord of the Manor and Soil in the Township of 7jkeibion, in the Parish of in

the said County of Denbigh, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders within the said Township, who have Right of Common upon the Common and Waste Grounds within the said Township of 2whofe Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, interested in the said Common and Waste Grounds.

Mr. Charles Wathin Williams Wynn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of I in the Parish of

Llanynjs, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An-

Day appointed for Third Reading of Bill for lup-plying Dublin with Ripe Water.

Lords Amendment to Dun church and Stone-bridge Road Bill, put oif for Three Months*

Member added to bring in Yikeibion Inclosure Bill*

Bill presented

Wildihore Fen Inclosurt &c. Bill, pailed.

Kelby, &c. liuiolure Bill, passed.

Answer to

Address.

Stirling and Clackmannan Roads BUI, reported.

42 Geo. III. 27° Mali. 509

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and render- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Welt challow ing more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and ^fuxe Blil» Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and al- other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor p " lotting a certain Fen, called fVildmore Fen, in the and Hamlet of ,in the Parish of

" County of Lincoln;" and for dividing, allotting in Regis, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allot- Time.

ments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Act; for compensating for the Tythes of such Allot- be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ments; and for declaring and determining to what Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and lb all belong, was read the Third Time. Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, in the County of Berks.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliar to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tnent, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a

" certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of An ingrossed Bill for building and maintaining a Thurso Har-

" Lincolnand for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and Harbour and Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of

inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments let but, ‘thurfo, in the County of Caithness, was read the Third or to be let out,'in pursuance of the said Act; for com- Time.

penfating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting Vessels employed the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong. for the Protection of the Revenue, from Payment of

Ordered, That Mr. Vytier do carry the Bill to the Duties.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Then the Amendment following was proposed to be Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelby, made to the Bill;

A'tfby, and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Hay dor, otherwise Pr. 45. 1. i&? To leave out " or the Bay thereunto

Hather, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third & 19.5 " adjoining.".

Time. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title put thereupon, agreed to by the House, be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titla

and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelby, Aifby, and be. An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor, in the County of Pier at the Town, and in the Parish of Thurso, in the Lincoln. County of 'Caithness.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon Report on their Address of Thursdoy last (that His Majesty would the 19th Day of this Instant May, was made from the r'n," Bills* be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain- further con-laid before this House, a Statement of the Proceedings ing a Navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in fidered' of the Commissioners nominated and appointed under the Glenkemts to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Great Seal of Great Britain, by virtue of an Act of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was committed, and the 39th Year of Hispresent Majesty, for the Purpose which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming, all taken into further Consideration.

Sales, and Contrafts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or And the House being informed that printed Copies Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of redeeming of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were their Land Tax) had been presented to His Majesty; delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the this House, that He will give Directions accord- House of the 7th Day of 1794; ingly. Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into

further Consideration.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to The House accordingly proceeded to take the said whom the Bill for making and repairing the Road Report into further Consideration. from Caifeway Head, near Stirling, through the County And the Amendments, made by the Committee to

of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon West Saline and Crofsfoord, towards Queensferry, and cer- the Question'severally put thereupon, several of them tain Roads branching out of the fame; and for convert- were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the ing the Statute Labour in the said County of Clack- House j and several Amendments were made, by the mennan, was committed; That the Committee had exa- House, to the Bill.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to be true; and that the Committee had gone through ingrossed. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire presented to the House, Newton read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: inclosing, the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the same was received; and read the First Time.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Hannington Ingrossed. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ?ted! BlII/

Vo l.57. 6 0 and

A, 1802*

gto 27°

&nd Common fields, Common Meadows, Common , oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-v/ithin the Parish of Hannington, in the County of unto, which they had directed him to report to the Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent agreed to by the House.

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be cept a Proprietor of One Quarter of a Yard-Land, and ingrossed.

One Cottage Common, who refused to sign the Bill j

and that the Whole Property belonging to Persons in- Lord George Henry Cavendish reported from

terested in the Inclosure consists of 20 Yard-Lands^ and the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividingrallotting, 19 Cottage Commons; and-that no Person appeared and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made County of Derby, was committed; and to whom the Pe-several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- tition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto rested him to report to the House; and he read the subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Chellaston, in the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had the Amendments were Once read throughout; and examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the with, as well with regard to the Lands and Grounds House. mentioned in the said Bill, as also the Lands and Grounds

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mentioned in the said Petition; and that the Committee ingrossed. had considered the said Petition; and had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Westminster Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Bill* report'd to remove Doubts as to certain Acts, relating to the Bill, and to the Provision being made therein, 1 reporte . tQ t^c Admeasurement of Coals in the City' and Liberty pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, to the Satis-of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and to revive and faction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates continue an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 12 8 per Annimi,

of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole Proof Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify perty belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the assessed to the Land Tax 60. 9 per Annum;

Provisions of the said Act, was committed; That the and that no Person appeared before the Committee Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone and found the same to be true; and that the Com- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several unto, which they had directed him to report to the Amendments thereunto,*which they had directed him House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-: to report to the House; and he read the Report in his wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were OnCe read Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question agreed to by the House.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ingrossed.

Lord George Augv.fius Henry reported from

Alvalton and Lord George Augv.Jlus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting,

dofor^ Bill* the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, report'd.' ' and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Paf- within the Manor and Township of in the

tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes County of; for protecting certain Springs ft mate

or Townships of Alvaston and Boulton, in the County of on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- Inhabitants of the Town of in the said

fobbed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, County, was committed; That the Committee had exa-Lands, and Estates, in the Parishes of Alvaston and Boul- mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, ton, in the County of Derby, was referred; That the relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with*, Committee had examined, and found that the Standing and that the Committee had examined the Allegations Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

been complied with, as well with regard to the Lands the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the

and Grounds mentioned in the said Bill, as also the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Petition; and the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at that the Committee had considered the said Petition; £.4. i8r. if per Annum, who were neuter; and also, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found except the Owners of Estates assessed at 1. 12 4 d.

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the had given their Consent to the Bill, and to the Pro- Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure vision being made therein pursuant to the Prayer of the is assessed to the Land Tax atjf. 147. os. fid. per Annum-, laid Petition, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to cept Qne Person, whose Property is assessed to the Land oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone Tax at 9 s.who refused to sign the Bill; and that the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the unto, which they had directed him to report to the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 121. 4 House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af--and that no Person appeared before the Committee to towards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in 5 at

Chellafton Iq* closure BUI, reported.

Wirksworth Inclosure, &<*, Bill, reported.

De Salis's Estate Bill, committed;

Saxelby Inclosure and Drainage Bill, passed.

Thnrtby Inclosure Bill, paised.

Ma)Tiard's Estate Bill, lead.

Re-committed Bill to amend London Port Act, reported, and again recommit: ol.

La Geo. III. if Mali. , §ii

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Salis, Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Sails, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Salts, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and 'tary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion Being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within, or near, to the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townships of Harby and Broa in the County of Nottingham, be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Arden (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vynerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allotting the Open Common Fields.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Oliver Delancey, Esquire, Barrack Mailer General, a Wharf, and certain other Hereditaments, near Mdidfione, in ihe County of Kent, late the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alteT and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better VOL. 57.

*c regulating, the Port of London f so flu- as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, whole Names are thereunder written; and also, the Petition of the Sugar Coopers of London, whole Names are thereunder written, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said

Petitions , and had made fevcra'l other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House. ';

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of William Grice,.was presented to the Petition of House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to extend, oricelTor and render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, Provision in made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Debtors Relief King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the ed.'preent" " Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of

" their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time,

" and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit;" and Setting forth, That the Petitioner has been confined in the King's Bench Prison nearly Six Years, in Execution, upon a Verdict obtained against him for £. 4,100: And praying.

That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for his Relief.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table j

it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected. Rejected.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ypon the Bill to enable His Majesty to accept, and con- Bill/ tinue, the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolyed itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon southern the Bill to permit Britishi~hxf\\tShips to carry on the Fisheries. Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence irom the '

East India Company or South Sea Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him

to

The Lords have passed

Robinson's Estate Bill.*

Bill read.

Report Expiring Laws*

Return of Qualification ot Militia Officer*, pre-(cntcxL

51a h'n Maii. 180$.

to report, wheh the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords> by Mr. Sptranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Northil/, and several Messuages and

Hereditaments in the Parish of Nor thill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ex-, piring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, " an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of '* His present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fifieries; and to 4< amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the " Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this K.ingdom," which was amended and continued by an Act, of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and revived, amended, and continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the 5th Day of April 1802, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, fora " limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the SilkManufacture," which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years from the 14th Day of 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by (cveral subsequent Acts, made in the 1 ithand 17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 14th Day of June 1782, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by Three Acts, made in the 22d, 29th, and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 14th Day of June 1802, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

,0 7

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

The Lord Havckesbury presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Return of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department since those last presented to the House of Commons.

Together with a List.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Seventy-three Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, and Corf can Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for Nine Months, ending the ill Day of January 1803.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the 32d and 36th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, and for making other Provisions in Lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly)

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, toSubaltem Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the several Petitions of the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, whole Names are thereunder written, which were presented to the House upon the 20th and 24th Days of this Instant might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Compensation to the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, and others, for any Injury, Lois, or Damage, they may sustain by reason of the Execution of any of the Works mentioned in an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, and by reason of the Bill now depending in this House to alter and amend the said Act;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's

Command)

Report

Supply.

Emigrants and Loyalist*

Bill respe&ing Justices of Peace for Middlesex, &c. deferred*

Bill for Allowances to Officers of Militia of Ireland, reported.

Convpensation

to Sugar Coopers of London, See* to be con-fidejrM.

Question p^. tious, Neg. for an Address respecting the Island ot Trinidad*

if

m

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Compensation to the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, and others, for any Injury, Lbfs, or Damage, they may foftain by reason of the Execution of any of the Works mentioned in an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering lnore commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London , and by reason of the Bill now depending in this -House, to alter and amend the said Act,

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Resolution which, upon the 2d Day of April 1792, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the African Slave Trade, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly *, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Trade carried on by British Subjects, for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from , ought to be gradually abolished.

The House was also moved. That the -Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th and 10th Days of April 1797, the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, requesting His Majesty to give Directions to the Governors in the , to

recommend Measures tending gradually to diminish the Necessity of the Slave Trade; and of His Majesty's Answer thereto, that He would give Directions as desired by the said Address, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, in Consideration of the great Importance of preventing the Dangers and Mischiefs which must arise from the excessive Increase of the Importation of Negroes from Africa, if such Importation should be permitted. Without Restriction, into the Island of Trinidad; and for the Purpose of avoiding any Colour or Pretext, by reason of new Grants, to obstruct hereafter any Regulations which, to the Wisdom of Parliament, may, after due In-vefligation and Deliberation, seem expedient; His Majesty's faithful Commons humbly request His Majesty, that He will not authorize any Grants or Sales of new Lands in the Island of Trinidad without express Condition (under Penalty of forfeiting and making void such Grants or Sales) that no Negro to be thenceforth imported from Africa shall be employed on the said Lands, until Opportunity shall have been afforded to Parliament to make such Provision as the Circumstances of the same may be found to require, for the Prohibition, Limitation, or Regulation, of the Importation of Negroes from Africa into the said IslandThat His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there shall be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of any such Conditional Grapts and Sales, as may have been made in the Interval; and of the Means which have been employed, or provided, for enforcing the due Observation and Performance of the said Condition; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased further to direct, that there ljta.ll be laid before this House, so soon as the same can be prepared, such Plan of Regulations as to His Majesty's Government may appear most advilable, for promoting the Cultivation or Improvement of the Island of Trinidad, in the Manner the lead likely to interfere with the Wilh expressed by this House for the gradual Diminution, and ultimate Termination, of the African Slave Trade, and the most conducive to the Stability and Security of the

Vol. 57*

Intcfefts of the OofofcieS; and x»\WPf^bdidn (>)m-merce of this Kingdom.

And the previous Question being ptit, That tWt Qdcf-tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for irceivfag the BilrtTpeftin* Report from the Committee of the wlfoie ‘House, to whom the Bill for repealing several Acts; for dffiablifliitig Regulations respecting Ahens arriving in this Kingdom, ot resident therein, in certain Cafes, and fbt flibftitutirjg other Provisions in lieu thereof, wAs committed, benbvr read;

And the said' Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, fepdfted Scotch Militia from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and establish a Militia Force in was re-committed, the Amendments which the Coiri-mittee had made to the BUI, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House J and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into for ther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported ifc|Hi» jcfcfeglr from the Committee of the Whole House, to Whom the of Bill to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers Yeomanry of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, was committed, the Amendments which ported, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into furthet Consideration To- morrow Morning.:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Billfixrufirtg Reading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- rhltted. tuled, " An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the " Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of " the Kingdom, during the present War;" aridfor the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wUl, Upon AfomAtyMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the bay, for the Third bUlrefpe&im^ Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, em- other Fec-ployed in Cotton and other MUls, and Cottoh and other -Fastories, be now read; re *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report ®° further Consideration the Report from the Committee SiUf^* of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and ther confi-render more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of . his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisohment of their

6 P " Persons;

5M

a?0 — a8°

Ai 18osj.

Jk

« Persons;. and*.to;oblige Debtors,- who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and ‘‘ for §utn6 not exceeding whati are mentioned in the " 'Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was again recommitted, be now read.

,: And the said Order being read accordingly;

The :Uoufe proceeded to take the said Report into further Uonfideratipm

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

Ordered That the- Bill, with. thp Amendments, be ingrossed. .

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be -then ingrafted.

-T*

Venerisi die Mtziiy

' Anno' 416 Gcofgif Hlfl* Regis, r 802.

Prayers- - «. -

AMeffagfc by Mr.i Qpbrme, Yeoman- Ufoer of the RoyMAfeu :Black Rod; toElllt

r by

T

Mn Speaker, v,'- :J/'

Thp Lords, authorized by virtue ,of 'His Majesty's Commission, for declaring: HtsRoyabAffant to several Acts, agreed upon by botlriHouses, do desire- the int-.mediate Attendance of: this 'Honourable. House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Teera. 1- 'T' 5'

And being returned) r.

..... Mr: Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

irish Bled lent The Order of the Day being read, for the Second of the Lords authorized, by virtue of His Majesty's Com*

Bill, deferred.- 'Qf the $ ill for regulating the Trial of Contro- million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers,

Verted, Efedlio, ns or Returns, of Members to ferye in the ‘ ~ ~

United Parliament for Ireland-,. r \.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read- a Second Time ' upon, this Day Sevennight.

t r

Knnking Bin, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third deferred. Reading of "the Bill (now ingrafted), to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, ..: Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and Tor reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceed-" Tngs, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

' This other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption.and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act; and for making -Tax, deferred, further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof;

and for removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right

Bill for eonfo lidating A&S for Redcmp-ti&tiof Land

where a Commission.under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public' and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness. the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke_of His Royal Highness

the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the-Duke

of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop -ot Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several otbet Lords, so declare and notify the Royal- A lie fit to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, die Lord,

and the Lord Ellenborough, named allb in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills': Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An A dl for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries:

An.-Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace:

An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in

of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land the Proprietors thereof:

Bill respe&-ing the making up of certain Accounts, de« fared.

Bill to amend A Cl* for Ke-duClion of the National Debt, defer- . red.

Bill respect-ing Poor Houses, de-. forced.

Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

An Act for completing the re-building of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Wesiniinster, in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults,

upon the Bill for altering the Period of making up the for the Use of the said Parish; and for repairing the said Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid Church, improving -the Church-yard, and making cer-before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the tain Regulations relating to the said Parish:

Reign of His present Majesty. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for car-

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more rying into Execution Three several Acts, passed in the effectual, Two Acts, passed in the 26th and J2d Years Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, and in the Thirty-ninth and of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

of the National Debt, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to thd Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning',.Ten of the Clock.

widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Hilly and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sin the County of folk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds:

An Act for continuing, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed respecting several Roads near the Borough and the

Town of Newton Bushell,- and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moor's Barn to the End of White Hill

Lam,

Dunchurch

and

Stonebridge Road Bill, ordered.

Lane, in the Parish of Highwick; and for making arid maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Clapper Hill, at the West End of the Village of Dean in

the Parish of Dean Prior, through the Village of Church Town, and from thence, through the Pafilhes of

Rattery and South Brent, to Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon: -

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between 7 \burnand Uxbridge, in the County of fex\ and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hatnvell Heath, through the Parishes of Hdnwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Wef-tern Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits:

An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Mefl'unee and other Hereditaments at in the County of Lincoln (Part of the settled Estates of John Uppleby, Klquire)i for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooton, in the said County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Hawns, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Wefibury, in the County of Wilts: ' <

An Act for vesting the Estates late of Frederick James Scrope, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and deviled by his Will in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Re-lidue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston, Williamston, Barncluth, Udfion, , Bells-

field, and Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of Dechmont, and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton, of Pencaitland, Esquire, upon the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, and invell the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Pari fit of Effingham, in thfe County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tharfion, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wallc Grounds, and all other the Open and Unincloled Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Styrrup, O/dcoats, and E'arworth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of Blythand Harworth, or one of them, in the County of Nottingham.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several of the Trust-.es for putting in Execution, several Acts of V0 57-

Parliament. for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of lasty

and alibi the Report which was made from, the Cooir mittee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read. . .,-v:

Arid the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill, for ' continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, . of Four several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in the 13 th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year- of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of W.anvickAnd that Sir George Augufius William Shuck burgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' ' 1 . .

Ah ingrafted Bill fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Chellafton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time, -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds; within, or belonging to, the Parish of Chellain the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ....

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within, the Parishes or Townships of Alvafton and Boulton, in the Gouuty of Derby, - was

read the Third Time. >- .

‘Resolved, That J:he Bill, do pass: And that the Titfe be, An Act for dividing,; allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within, or.belonging to, the Parishes or Townships of Alvaston vsd.BwltQii, in the County of Derby. . r. -:

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Augufius William Evelyn pre-

fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in the 13 th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Wanvick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable Lands in the Parishes of Shitlington and Hol-well, or one of them, in the County of , was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Caleb Lane being examined, laid. That the said Parishes adjoin together, and very considerable Parts thereof are intermixed with each other, and the dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitlington and Holwell, by the Bill now depending in the House, will be attended with great Inconvenience and additional Expence, if the

Parochial

Chellafton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Alvafton and Boulton Inclosure Bill, passed

Dunchurch and Stonebridge Road Bill, presentecL

Petition of Proprietor* for Provision in Shitlington and Holwell Inclosure Bill, reported.

Instructfea.

Petition respectinr Notices for* Durham ui Berwick Roads sad Bridget.

48* Mail.

A. i8oa.

Parochial Situations o tthe several detached and inter- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-mixed Parts of the said Parishes are not, in some In- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall fiances, varied and exchanged; and that the Boun- appear to them, to the House:

claries between the several Hamlets or Drvisions of the And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Grey,

laid Parish of Shitlington are m some Places irregular fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at and indistinct; and that it will be advantageous to the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Parties interested, that the Commissioners named in the Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, laid Bill should be empowered to set out and declare

the Boundaries, as well of and between the said feveml. An ingfdfled Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclos- Fc^'fnfwgV Parishes, as of and between the several Hamlets or Divi- ingi the Open and Commbn Fields, Common Pastures, p^y.ure fions of the said Parish of Shitlington, so as to straighteh Common Down, and other Commonable Lands and and shorten such Boundaries, and to render the same Grounds, lying and being in the Tything of <distinct. — And, otherwise within the Parish of Kingstlere, in

Mr. James Ernes being examined, confirmed the the County of , was read the Third Time,

above Evidence. Ref That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, be, An Act for dividing; allotting, and inclosing, the to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Open and Comnion Fields, Common Pastures, Com-the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and mon Down, and Other Commonable Lands and Grounds, other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the lying and being in the Tything of Ecchinfwell, otherwise Parishes of Shitlington and HohoeU, in the County of Itckingswell, within the Parish of Kingstlere, in the Bedford, is committed. That they have Power to make County of Southampton.

Provision in the said Bill for setting out and declaring Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

the Boundaries of and between the said Parishes, and of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

«nd between the several Hamlets or Divisions in the said

Parish of Shitlington, in order to ltraighten and shorten An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Kirkcud-such Boundaries, and to render the same distinct. vigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glen- ^r'fht

kenns to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the ' p

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was read the Third Time, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an RefThat the Bill do pals: And that the Title Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkems to Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Bum, in the the Port and Town of in the Stewartry of

County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Kirkcudbright.

Lammertok Hill, and also the several other Roads therein Ordered, That Mr. Charley do carry the Bill

mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Li- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tjerties of the said Town of Berwick; and also an Act

made in the 18 th Year of His present Majesty, for en- Ordered, That Mr Alexander do make the Re- Petition of larging the Terms and Powers of the said Act, was pre- port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the N^y°r* fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town and Liverpool, for

Birfuance of Leave granted by the House on the 13 th Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, Provisionm ay of April last, Notices have been given at the Easter was referred. strewTiHil,

Quarter Sessions erf the Peace holden for the County of Mr. Henry Alexander, accordingly reported from the reported. Durham, and also at the Eafer Quarter Sessions of the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Peace holden for the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative and also at the Head Court holden for the County of to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but it Berwick, in North Britain, next after Easter, and also appeared to the Committee, that the Parties did not in-Three Times in the Newspaper called The Newcastle tend to proceed upon that Part of the Petition which Courant, in the present Month of May, and Three Times required Notices to be given pursuant to the said Stand-in the Newspaper called The Kelso Mail, in the Month ing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the of April last and in the present Month of May, that Appli- Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to cation is making to Parliament for Leave to bring in a be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Powers, of the said Two Acts, and also for augmenting the Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Tolls collected by virtue of the said Two Acts, and for To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, erecting a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Town of Norham, in the said County of Durham, to ex- jesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and tend from the Parish of Norham, in the said County of " Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year

Durham, to the Parish of Ladykirk, in the County of Ber- " of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several wick, in North Britain; and for erecting another Bridge " Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for en-over the said River Tweed, at or near a Ford or Place " larging the said Harbour, by making an additional in the said River, called New Water Ford, to extend from " Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour the said Parish of Norham, in the said County of Durham, " there; and for enlightening the said Dock; and for to the Parish of Hutton, in the said County of Berwick, " making another Dock, with proper Piers, in the said and for making Two new Roads from the said Two " Harbour; and for erecting Lighthouses, and other Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick to Cornhill, " proper Lights, in or near the Port of was

in the said County of Durham, all of which laid new read; — And,

Hoads are intended to be in the said Parish of Norham, Mr. John Foster being examined, said. That, in Exe-in such and the like Manner as are required to be given cution of the said Act, the Corporation of Liverpool by the Standing Orders of the House of Applications have been from Time to Time, and still are, put to very intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills, and heavy Expences in building and repairing Graving Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying, That Docks in the said Town, and frequently sustain confi-Leave nuy be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the derable Damage by the Non-payment of the Sums, from Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Time to Time due to them, on Account of Vessels Rules and Regulations, as to the House Rail seem which have received their Repairs in such Docks, and meet. especially those which do not belong to the said Pbrt;

Ordered, That -the said Petition be referred to the and that in order to indemnify the said Corporation as,

2 .* to

5*7

to such Expences, it is necessary that the Monies so beconrr.g due to them should be recovered in a sum-mry Wr.v. — And the Witness added, That, by the said Act, Power is riven to the Corporation to make Bye Laws for th? regulating of the said Graving Docks, and to lay Penalties for the Breach thereof, not exceeding 40 s. for each Oilence: That it is found by Experience that the said Penalty is by no Means adequate to the Prevention of the Injuries frequently done through the Can 'elFnels or Misconduct of various Persons, not only to the said Docks, but also to the Machines and other Appendages of such Docks; and that it is expedient that the Amount of the said Penalties should be in-crenfed.

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Term, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers ot an Act, passed in the 26th Year "of the Reign of His p-cient Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening, mak- ing, widening, and altering, certain Streets, Passages, 44 and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of ' Lane after; for supplying the said Town with 1 re 111 and wholesome Water; for remov- ing and presenting Nuisances and Annoyances therein; 44 for appointing additional Market Places; and for ex- rending so much of the Powers of an Act of the Se- end Year of His present Majesty, as relates to 44. I hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, 44 to a certain Difiance beyond the Liberties of the laid Town for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain other Streets, and for further improving t' ? laid down of Liverpool; and for providing and efta-bhihk.g Markets therein, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Monies which may become due to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, sum the Owners of Ships and Vessels using the said Graving Docks; for increasing the Penalties on Persons damaging or injuring the said Docks, and the said Machines, and other Works and Appendages belonging thereto; and for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of such Penalties.

A.ijourr.rr.cr. % Revived, That this House will, at the Rising of the Home this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Wa.'kenni;-h.am Irdo.urc liiil, reported.

Ordered, That Lord William Cavendish Bent inch do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and LTninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Pnritli of IValkeringham, in the County of A vting ham, was committed.

Lord William Cavendish Be at inch accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Iloufe, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given tlici* Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 7. is. 11 d. per Annum, who refuted to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be in-doled is assessed to the Land Tax at £. r66. 12 s. 6d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. VOL. 57.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Shazv Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Glover's whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An reported)1 and Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize paired. \ and empower the Devisees in Trust under the Will of John Glover, late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint.

George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall teem reasonable, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shazv Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. *

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Sewerby and

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and reported. other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Morton, and within the Manor of Sewerby-cum-Murton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Estates in the Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Marton, on Behalf of themselves, and other Proprietors of Estates in the same Townships or Hamlets, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 30 Oxgangs of Land and 8 Cottage Rights, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of Cottage Rights, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed coniifts of 134 Oxgangs of Land and 68 Cottage Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made 'several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'creOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in Hull Dock* the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Blll> . tituled, " An Act for making and establishing public comnnt e '

" Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull; for the better " lbcuring His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for " the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of " Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Relervoirs,

" Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and

6Q "for

Flixton inclosure Bill, reported*

C rorton inclosure Bill, presented.

C'lju^hton Inclosure Bill, prvlcnted.

The Lord* have agreed to

Bill for regulating the Drawback on Sugar exported from lulaiul.

\ Irction Oaths Bill.

" for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Cutloms at the faiil Port, for those Purposes; " and for establishing other necessary Regulations within " the Town and Port of King;" and all'o, for making an additional Bal'on or Dock at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber, and for granting certain Lands, belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Tow'nship of Flixton, otherwise , in the Parish

of Folkton, In the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Tate and Joseph Benwell, Esquires, Committees to the Person and Estate of James Bell, Esquire, of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, a Lunatic, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had con-tidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofton Green, within the Township of in the

West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

Mr. Wildmanpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain TraCl of Moor Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Moor, within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Claughton, in LonfJale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred anil Three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused

in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of Refined Sugar; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the 'I hirty-fourth 't ear of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the Appoint-

" ment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths " and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and " made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of " Members to terve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to l'crve in Parliament; without any Amendment: Ami also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sronnall and to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers* wkhVuad"1* of Two Acts, one pafl'cd in the Thirty-third Year of the Bill.

Reign of his late Majesty King Ge the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bough ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to New-

port, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to Bromideh

and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of in

the County of Warwick, and from Bromwich to

Birmingham, in the same County; lo far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called Welsh Harp, in the Town ship of in the said

County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Ixjrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act .^erP0J>,o to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Roads'tilli. Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers,

" of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and amending the " Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, and

" ton, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County

" Palatine of Lancaster;" and to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Daventr? for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, IncIolure Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Daventry, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GmcW far dividing, allotting, and inclosfng, the Open and Inclosure Commons Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Upinven for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and un-

common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Up haven, in the County of Wilts; without any Amend-

ment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Spelfl>i:rv Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inclosure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons,

Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords veiling Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of liavo Paul, Esquire, situate in the County of in John E^'^a.

Paul Paul, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for vetting the Residue of the said deviled Estates in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies to arile by such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purclufe of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Ule?; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The

Philips's Estate Bill.

Farl of AylesforiTs ExchangeJiill.

Account of Permanent Taxes, presented.

Fnnking Bill, passed.

A<5U re fixating N'fiitial Strips, &c. to be considered,

519.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta Philips, Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey, in Fee Farm, her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying, in Fee Farm, the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in chester, in the County of Lancqft under yearly reserved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right honourable Heneage Earl of Axlesford, and the Dean and Chapter of Worecfier; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the

Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Amount of the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5th April 1S02; distinguishing each Quarter.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings i® Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll:, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 39. After " Persons " to insert " heretofore or."

1. 40. After authorized " to insert " to " fend or receive letters, free from " the Duty of Portage, either in " Great Britain or Ireland, respectively ;" and after " do " to insert " now."

Pr. 6. 1. 1. To leave out " the fame," and insert " Letters, free from the Duty of " Portage," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Port, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The 1 louie was moved. That an Act, made in the 33th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's

Vol. 57.

" Orders in Council.of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first " Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-five, reflecting the Admission of the Effects " mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this " Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have acted in consequence of such " Orders," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act to make further Provision respecting " Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the " Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; 'and to provide " for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in,

" or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to indemnify all Persons who have " acted in consequence of Orders in Council, ifl'ued " fmee the Tw'enty-second Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission " of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships;

" and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for " the like Purpose, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made ill the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First " Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and " Four, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain " Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the " issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bil!refPs<5Hr>g Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Preservation of the ^'cot'en^^nd Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in other Ka<fto-Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, nes> d.

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, in ft a ion who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for ^rtahfstanip exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty, Duties.

That they do make Provision therein for allowing further Time for stamping certain Deeds; and for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates.

Mr. Nicholas Fanjittart presented to the House, ac- Bill to enable cording to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Mari- soldier toex-ners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea ercife Trades, Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any p|ckntcJ-Corps of Fencible Men, since the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read, a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, ac- stamp Duties

cording to Order, a Bill for allowing a further Time for R«rui.itin stamping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, parted Bl P, L'ente in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates;

and

520 28° M A. 1802.

ar.d for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to toTugar*"011 re^ve hself into a Committee of the whole House, to Coopers of consider of making Compensation to the Sugar Coopers London, &c, of the City of London, and others, for any Injury, Lois, or Damage, they may sustain by reason of the Execution of any of the Works mentioned in an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, and by reason of the Bill now depending in this House, to alter and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Crofton (Chief

I'ci im?to Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland) attended at the Door;

presented. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, specifying by what Authority an Issue of /.334,36s. 14J. 10 d.was made by the Treasury,

as Hated in the Abllradl of Receipts and Issues of the Treasury delivered to this House, under the Head of " Vote of Credithow the Amount was raised; and when it was paid to the Treasury: And also.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Treasury of Ireland of the Sum granted in 1795, for defraying the Charge of railing Men in Ireland for Manning the Fleet: And also,

An Account of the General Heads to which the Sum of/. 334,368. 14J. 10 d.Hated, in the Public Accounts of Ireland, to have been issued under the Vote of Credit, has been applied.

And then he withdrew.

Anil the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Commiure on Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to

io"uies'.S resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 2id Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, lo far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, eHablished under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining I'arish or Hamlet in any Poor I souse, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shazv Lefevretook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shazv Lefrjre reported from the Committee, That 4

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.'

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Allowance oil 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ment ofstain^ " An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Ad- Duties, to i* " millions into Corporations or Companies, and for fur- c->nudered<

" ther securing and improving the Stamp Duties in " Great Britain," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies " of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be " made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp " Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other " Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending " several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches

and Chairs," mi^ht be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Allowances now made on present Payment of Stamp Duties.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ci<-'ic"ed* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wa)'s and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to defentd. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions, which were, Yesterday, reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill for Al-further Consideration the Report from the Committee osce^of* of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Al- Minna of lowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, was committed; e ene

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Scotch Militia further Consideration the Report from the Committee B"1, dckncd* of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise and establifii a Militia Force in Scotland, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The

Bill to accept

Offers of Service of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, deferred.

Bill for consolidating Acts for Redemption of Land Tax, deferred.

Bill resp :cHng the making up of ceituin Accounts, deterred.

B'M to amend JKOr for RedudIon of National Debt, committed.

Account respedin^ Stair j L dri-buto.i in Ireland, withdrawn.

Account of Arrears, Sec. of Officers of Stamps in Ireland, ordered.

Presented.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to avail Himlelf of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

52i

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for tire Ule of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

280 — 31° Mail.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act; and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for retno\ ing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Ord er of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering the Period of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 3id Years of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloulc, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that the Account of Cash, due by acting and deccafed and dismissed Distributors of Stamps, Ireland, to 5th January 1802, was imper-fedl;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Account be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the several Officers employed in the Collection of the Revenue in Ireland arising from Stamp Duties, now deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their Names; the Sums originally due, and at what 'Lime; their subsequent Payment and Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively.

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Irela, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the several Officers employed in the Collection of the Revenue in Ireland arising from Stamp Duties, now deceased, or out of their respective Offices; distinguishing their Names; the Sums originally due, and at what Time; their subsequent Payment and Reduction thereof, and when paid; and the Amount of the Debts remaining due from them respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

VOL. 57.

Luna31° Mail;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Robinson'* for yelling the Manor of and several comniiued'.

Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Oliver Dclancey, Esquire, Barrack Mailer General, a Wharf, and certain other Hereditaments, near Maidfone, in the County of Kent, late the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew Bloxam, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Maynard's

Eftatre^ Bill,

committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees of the Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading from Roadfag.tin ft

in the County of Buckingham, through Thame, to the CulhamYt.ou.d Turnpike Road between Benfington and in gjfj

the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in

the County of Oxford, to, and through, the Parillies of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Act on into the Turnpike Road near the Village of in

the said County of Berks-, and for erefling a Bridge across the River Thames or Isis, at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks; and Setting forth. That the Road, of which the Petitioners are Trustees, communicates, at Shillingford, with another exceeding good and pleasant Turnpike Road leading from thence over Shillingford Bridge, through ti e d own of Wallingford, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and is the direct Road from Aylesbury, Thame, and various other Parts of Bucks and Oxon, to Wallingford,

Reading, and other Parts of Berkftdre as well as Hampshire; and that the proposed new Bridge and Road would occasion a Diversion of a considerable Share of the travelling over Shillingford Bridge and through Wallingford, and a consequent Diminution of the Tolls at Two of the Gates on that Road, which might put it out of the Pow'er of the Trustees of that Road to keep the fame, and the Bridge, in Repair, and ultimately deprive the Public of the great Convenience which such Bridge and Road at present afford, and thereby materially aflett the

6 R Road

Flixton Ij clolinr Bill* polled.

Srvccrbjr and Mart* n Incioiuie BiJ?i passed.

IL-'row ludofurr Bi)I, committed.

cir George Prcl* art s

b;i:.

rrported, and foiled.

f > Vfii.'c* N it. lit*I,

incited.

51° Maii. A. iBoa.

Road of which the Petitioners are Trustees: And therefore praying the House will take the same into Consideration; and not permit the said Bill to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Palhires, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of FI: x ton, otherwise Fixer el on, in the Parish of

Folk-ton, in the Fait Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton, otherwise FUecelon, in the Parish of Folklcn, in the Fall Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lnfrelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and ' other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Server by and Marion, and within the Manor of Server by-cum-Mart on, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Server by and Marten, and within t he Manor of in the

Parish of Bridlington, in the Fall Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-

rvnring, Mr. Bvug, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ChamlxT.

Mr. Shaw Lefrare reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging die settled Ellate of Sir George Reef!on Prescott, Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Ftlate of greater Y'alue, in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 'l'able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rej-dreed. That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. ShaveLefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Time, without any Amendment.

An Logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hr natmj!;/ir.g elle.\autreDe Vamies, commonly called

Compre Lu I'nudes, was read a Second lime.

Ref.';-,'I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. burn-: of LnueMire, Mr. Stanley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Newton Common or Waite, situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and ren- itchin nVI-dering more effectual, several Acts of the 16th and 17th ^:11' Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the 7th and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the Rights of certain Proprietors of Mills and Water Meadows, adjoining the Navigation.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 38. 1. 5. To leave out from the beginning of the Line, to the End of Pr. 39.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to Shitlington whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Jn^lofureBiN Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and reported, and* other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the re-committed. Paiiflics of Shitlingtonand Holwell, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 13. 5s. 1 Or/, per Atmum, who refused to sign the Bill; and all'o, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £.15. 7 s. who were neuter; and that the Whole Pro-

perty belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.652. os. 6 per Atmum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppolc the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necesiary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-commitled to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ytkeibion Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Inclosure Bill, Yjkeibion, in the Parish of Liu 11.nys, in the County of co‘nmmc Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Watkin

Uttoxeter and Newcalllc Roads Bil!* reported.

VW-lkcrin^-

hm Incluluie Bill, pulled.

Hannington inclosure Bill, passed.

Westminster Coal Meters Bili, passed*

523 .

Wat kin Williams Wynn, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn,:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Granville Leveson Greported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, 5x1 fled in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh; and also _ from Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaa the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

O

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing! the Op'-n Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waile Lands, and all other Open and Unincloled Grounds, within the Lordshipand Parish of Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds; within the Lordship and Parish of Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry thie Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill far dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 36. To leave out " Sheep or.''

Pr. 22. 1. 4. To leave out " Sheep or."

I. 8. To leave out " Sheep or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to remove Doubts as to certain A efts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of fVcflminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admea-lurement ot Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnity all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and

VOL.57.

Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and tp indemnify all Persons who have a (‘ted in pursuance of any of the Provisiorrs of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Culliam Road Reading of the ingrafted Bill for making, amending,

Vvidening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from ;0r 'Three the jLoWwi Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in Month*,

the County of Oxford, to, and through, the Parishes of Dudcote and Hagborne, in the County of Berks, and from thence to the End of the Lane leading from Aston into the Turnpike Hoad near the Village of in the said County of Berks-, and for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames or lfis, at or near Culham Wharf, in the said Parish of Culham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the said County of Berks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said. Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz:

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End.of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas M >

1 eners for the I eas, . sir Roher{ £,v/^ . 1

Tellers for the Noes, \^r' ,

(Sir rrancts Sykes:

3°*

48.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Ellifcn reported from the Committee, to whom Boston Bridge the Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common and Ga°l, Councilmen, of the Borough of Bof.on, in the County 1 ,repore of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Wit ham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough; and to open, and make proper Avenues,

Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third J*i!,tors.? ‘i1'* Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to extend, and render Bl P* c more effectual, the Provisions of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the

tirlinp md knunnafl

Ko.is Bin,

Polled.

Bill for raising a B >Hy of Miners, deterred.

C'omrr/itte? on Acts respect-in?; Neutral Vlups, &c. tier erred.

peport on

S, r*(‘li Militia h:l‘t hrr:.er tonl:thrcd.

5*4

31* M

A. 1802.

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief ol " Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcjfohv,/, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend, and render more effectunl, the Provisions of Two Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what arc mentioned in the said Acts, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for making and repairing the Road from causectav Head, near Slit ling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by

H'ejl Saline and Crofsfoord, towards and certain Roads branching out of the lame; and for converting the Statute laibour in the said County of Clackmannan, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing the Road from causetvay Head, near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by Saline and Crofsfoord, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties " of Cornvcall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present Warand for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itlllf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the 35th and 36th and in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the bluing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

O '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to raile and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, was re-committed, bo now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

'1 he House proceeded to take the said Report into further Co nth krai ion.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to

the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving a Preference to former Officers of the Militia.

And the said Clause was Twice reid; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill to accept further Consideration the Report from the Committee ge^e°of of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Yeomanry Majesty to avail Himself of the Offers of certain Yeo- Volunteer manry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, deferred, was committed, be now read.

And the iaid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Compensatio* was referred to consider of mating Compensation to the to Sugar Sugar Coopers of the City of London, and others, for London °&c. any Injury,vLofs, or Damage, they may sustain by reason of the Execution of any of the Works mentioned in an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, and by reason of the Bill now depending in this House to alter and amend the said Act, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that Compensation should be made to the Sugar Coopers of the City of London, and to the Owners of Lighters and other Vessels used in unloading West India Ships in the Port of London, for any Loss or Damage they may sustain by Means of the Execution of the Works authorized to be done by an Act, passed in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and " for better regulating, the Port of 'and by a

Bill now depending in this House to alter and amend the said Act.

The said Refplution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee intlruftion. of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is again recommitted, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter and amend an A eft, passed in the 39th *'* e* Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An " , Act for rendering more commodious, and for better " regulating, the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it piriiig1 Law's, was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the

Resolutions,

Bill respectiiv

Aliens,

reported.

Bill relative to Southern Fishei i< s, reported.

42 Geo. III. 310 Mali.

Resolutions, which, upon Tl last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Hiws ire expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opi-ninion, from Time to Time, to the IlOufe, Which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to revive and " continue, until the End of the next Session of Parlia-' " ment, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the u Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend " an Aftj made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An ft for the more " effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries;" and to " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the " Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom; which was amended and continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and revived, amended, and continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the Fifth Day of April 1802, is expired, and fit to be revived, and continued, with Amendments.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th Ye^r of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the " Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets,

" for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years from the 14th Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the nth and 17th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 14th Day of June 1782, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by Three Acts, rhade in the 22d, 29th, and 35th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 14th Day of June 1802, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas VanJhtart, and Mr. llilcy A, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cales, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, ami which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Cojitideration upon IVe chief day Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries

in the Pen if c Ocean, without Licence from the EaJ't India Company or South Sea Company, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the

Vol. 57.

Bill, and Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Qucilibn put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wedttcfday Morning next; if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the Hotrfe, pur- p„yj£nts suant to their Order, ' Income,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraor- presented. dinary Resources, ctinftituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th 1862; — distinguishing England from Scotland -, and difi tinguishing, under each Head of Rev'entife, the Amount of the Grols Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt, on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum {ax ctillefting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce, on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue tin the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802, respectively, applicable to, Or arising from, the Revenues of tire laid Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining irt the Exchequer on the 5th January 1801 and 1802, respectively, whether appropriated, or unappropriated; and the Amount of tire Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, issued for the Public Service, between the Days‘above mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period; — inclosing,

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of thfe Duties of Customs in Great Britain; distinguishing England from Scotland; and distinguishing, as for as possible,' the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (B. 1.) An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, and Taxes, repaid to Officers, Exports, Allowances,

Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excile and Malt, Annual, of England, in the Year ended 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Grols Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, on each Article; together with the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year:

Appendix (B. 2.) North Britain.-An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, Exports, Allowances, Bounties,

Pensions, Net Produce, and Remittances to the Commissioners of Excile, London, for the Duties of Excise, and Malt, and Tobacco, Annual, between 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Remittances to London, of each Article, in the said Year:

Appendix (B. 3.) An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending 5th January 1802, by the Receiver -General of Excise in England, on Account of Bills remitted by the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland; distinguishing each Article:

Appendix (C. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer,

6 S of

526

3i° Mail.

of the Dutie* arising from Stamps in ,in

the Year ending 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment; together with the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year:

Appendix (C. 2.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North tain, and of the Remittances and Payments thereout, between the 5th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguishing each Duty, and each Head of Payment; together with the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Y'ear:

Appendix (C. 3.) An Account of the several Sums of Money paid, in the Year ending 5th January 18q2, into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Distributor of Stamps in Scotland; distinguishing each Duty:

Appendix (C. 4.) An Account of the Amount of . the Monies received into the Exchequer from the Bank of England, as a Compensation in lieu of Stamp Duties:

Appendix (C. 5.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the Hands of the Receiver General in London, on the 5th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguishing the Town from the Country; and also, distinguishing Scotland:

Appendix (D. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, and to the Receiver General of the Customs, of the several Taxes in England and Wales, including the Income Tax, and the Balances arising from the Aid and Contribution Tax, with the several Sums of Money paid or advanced out of the said Taxes on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, or on any other Account; also, for Charges of Management, between the 5th of January 1801 and 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Tax; with the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year: Appendix (D. 2.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, and to the Receiver General of the Customs, of the several Taxes in Scotland, including the Income Tax, and the Balances arising from the Aid and Contribution, with the several Sums of Money paid or advanced out of the said Taxes, on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, or on any other Account} also, for Charges of Management, between the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of

January 1802; distinguishing each Tax; with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the Year:

Appendix (D. 2.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of Land and Assessed Taxes, on the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (D. 4.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land and Assessed Taxes for Scotland, on the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802: Appendix (E. 1.) An Account of Balances due from Deputies in England and the West Indies; also, from Scotland, Dublin Twopenny Poll Office, and the Receiver General, for the Years ending 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802: Appendix (E. 2.) An Account of the Gross and 6

A. i % o % .

Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer* of the Revenue arising from the Poll Office in England, for the Year ending 5th January 1802; together with the Payments thereout on Account of Management; distinguishing the Inland from the Packet-Boat Charges; likewise, an Account of the Pensions and Parliamentary Grants paid out of the Revenue of the Poll Office; together with the Amount of the British Postage collected in Ireland, and the Packet Establishment, with the £. 4,000 per Annum in lieu of Packet Postage, and Difference of Exchange, which are placed to the Debit of Great Britain-, also, the Amount of the Irish Postage collected in Great Britain -, together with an Account of the Balances due from, or remaining in the Hands of, the Deputy Postmasters in England, the Deputies under the Foreign Offices, the Penny Port Office, and Receivers General, bn the 5th January 1801 and 1802; also, an Account of Monies paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th January 1801 anti 5th January 1802, on Account of Bills, or other Remittances, from the Revenue of Scotland; also, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Remittances to the Receiver General in England, arising from the Revenue of the Port Office in Scotland, between the 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802, together with the Amount of Payments of the said Revenue on Account of Management, or any other Account; also, an Account of the Balances on Monies due to the Public from the Deputy Postmasters in Scotland, and the Deputy Postmaster General, on the 5th January 1801 and the 5 th January 1802:

Appendix (F. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Salaries and Pensions received by Mr. John Lane, as Receiver of the said Duty in England, for the Year ended the 5th January 1802; specifying the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Balances remaining due on the 5th January 1801 and on the 5th January 1802: Appendix (F. 2.) An Account, of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries, received by Richard Howard, Esquire, in the Year ending 5th January 1802, with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; as also, the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General, at the Commencement and Termination of the said Year:

Appendix (F. 3.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the One Shilling Duty on Pensions and Salaries received by Charles Rivington Broughton, Receiver General for His Majesty's Household, in the Year ending the 5th January 1802, with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Balances remaining in Hand at the Commencement and Termination of the said Year:

Appendix (F. 4.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Pensions and Salaries in Scotland, in the Year ended 5th January 1802, with the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer or on Account of Management; as also the Amount of the Balances in the Hands of the Receiver General on 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802, whether arising from the Produce of the Year 1801, or of any preceding Year: Appendix (G.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Sixpenny Duty on Salaries, Pen-

fiQt*?

lions, and Incidents, in England and j

distinguishing each; received by Mr. John Lane as Receiver General of the said Duty, between the 5th January 1801 and the 5th January 1802; specifying the several Payments thereout, either into the Exchequer, or on Account of Management; also, the Balances remaining due on the 5th January 1801 and on the 5th January i8oz 3 Appendix (H. 1.) An Account of the Gross ac-.tual Receipt in Money, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Clvarges of Management, from the 5th of January to the 26th of March 1801, the Time of the Death of Mr. James O'Byrne, late Receiver; with the Balance in Hand on the cth of January 1801:

Appendix (H. 2.) An Account of the Grols Actual Receipt in Money, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Charges of Management, from the 26th March 1801; with the Balance in Hand of the 5th January 1802:

Appendix (I.) An Account of the Gross Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, arising from Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, together with the Amount of Charges of Management, in the Year ending 5th January 1802; also, an Account of the Balances which were in the Hands of the General Receiver of the said Revenue on the 5th January 1801 and the 5th January 1802:

Appendix (K-) An Account of the Receipts in the Alienation Office, Temple, from the Commencement of 'MichaelmasVacation 1801 to the

End of Hilary Term lad, and the Arrears remaining in the Accountant's Hands at the End of Michaelmas Term last:

Appendix (L.) An Account of the Produce of Green Wax Money arising from Poltfines, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802; with the Amount of the Balances on the 5th of January 1801 and the 5th of January 1802:

Appendix (M.) An Account of the several Sums of Money received at the Exchequer in the "V ear ended 5th January 1802, on Account of Rent of Alum Mines, and of Light Houses; on Account of Monies arising from Seizures of un-customed and prohibited Goods; on Account of Compositions; on Account of Profers; and on Account of all other Monies paid into the Exchequer, other than those arising from the Public Revenue:

Appendix (N. 1.) An Account of thq Balances due to the Public from the Receivers General of the Land Revenue for England and Wales, on the 5th Day of January 1801, with the Net Amount of all subsequent Receipts from thence, to the 5th Day of January 1802; and also, of what Payments have been made thereout by each Accountant between those Periods, deducing the Balances therefrom, to the 5th Day of January 1802:

Appendix (N. 2.) An Account of the Two Half-Yearly Dividends of Stock purchased by the Sale of Crown Rents, by Thomas Cotton, and William Milford, Esquires, Attornies for receiving the said Dividends on Stock, with the Amount of the Payments made by them, and to what Purposes applied, in the Year ending 5th January 1802; together with an Account of the Balances in the Hands of the said Thomas Cotton, and William Milford, Esquires, on the 5th January 1801 and the 5th January 1802; Vql. 57.

Appendix (N. 3.) An Account of Fines paid for Leases of Crown Lands in the Year ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Dates of the Receipts,' the Names of the Lessees, the Estates, the Amount of the Fines, and to whorrt paid:

Appendix (O.) An Accourlt of Sums received into the Exchequer, by way of Lottery, between the 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802; together with the Amount of the several Payments thereout on Account of Prizes; and like-wufe Charges of Management; also; the Net . Profit to the Public:

Appendix (P.) An Account of the Cacti received, and paid, on Account of the English and Irijk Lotteries, between January 5th 1801 and January 5th 1802; with the Amount of the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, at each of the said Periods: Appendix (Q.) An Account of the Total Sums of Money which have been paid into the Exchequer on Account of Voluntary Contributions, between 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802:

Appendix (R.) An Account of the Total Sums of Money which have been paid into the Exchequer on Account of Public Loans, between the 5th January 1801 and 5th January ,1802: Appendix (S.) An Account of the Sums of Money which remained in the Exchequer on the 5th January 1801 and 5th January 1802; distin-' guishing the Amount of the Monies appropriated, or reserved for any particular Purposes, from that which was unappropriated:

Appendix (T.) An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service, between the 5th January 1801 and the 5th January 1802, and not redeemed within that Period: Appendix (U.) An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, that were issued between the 5th January 1801 and the cth January 1802, and not redeemed within that Period.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The First of the said Accounts was withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of nth June, on account of Mistakes therein: The Appendixes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, and further continue, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the 32d and 36th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Fe-

ionics;

Militia Adja-tants Allowances Bill* presented.

Committee an Bill respectin^ JuIUces of Peace for Middtefaf&c.

31° Mail. A. i So2»

Ionics; and for making other ProvisioiVs in lieu thereof; and for increasing the "Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Report <» Bill The House, according to Order, proceeded to take K,rJRfl'i'cfof *nt0 further Consideration the Report from the Com-Spiritiul Per- mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, <0nSi!d"«dier anc^ render more effectual, an Act, made in the 21 It Year con1 Qf tjjC Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of " Livings, and from taking of Forms, &c." was recommitted.

Bill again r And the House being informed that some further commuted. Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of " Curates within the Church of England; and for " making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with " respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

' Resolved, That this House will, immediately, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I wave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill reiptfllag Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third «P^ot"maiid Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Preservation of other Fudo- the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others em-ries, deferral. Crnpi0yc(j ;n Cotton and other Mills, anti Cotton and other Factories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Excise Regu- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 4*t°rrc«j. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty,

Edatcs and Effects bought in for the Owner, ami Goods imported in any BrhifliShip from any Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories: and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on W ine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morticing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture consider further of die Bill to amend the Laws for the of Ireland, better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ire- e erred" land;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to speaing Du-consider of the several Petitions which have been pre- fies on Good, fented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, pray- j^Sand* de-U° ing for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importa- ferrcd. tion of Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers, being Importers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read,'for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ofwhatfrom consider of so much of an Act, made ill the 31st Year of Southampton the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Southampton, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the lri(h Yeoman-Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ^ftmsd! Blll> whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, Bill to enable as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Ma- sddierslo^x-rines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, ercife Trades, since the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to co'"nuttei1-exercist Trades, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself inio a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing a further Time for stamping cer- -^m? Duom

10 Regulation

tain Deeds; lor amending an Act, passed in the 36th hill,

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties committed, on Legacies and Shares of Personul Estates, and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

42 Geo. III. 31° Mail — 2° Janii.

529

kill respecting Poor Home*, del erred.

Committee cn Allowance on present Payment ot Stump Duties.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the And the same being read accordingly;

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to That this House will, immediately,' resolve

whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Re- of the said Act. .

lief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor Committee.

House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

established under the Authority of the said Act, to re- Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Com-

ceive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon nesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Allowances now made on the present Payment of Stamp Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon nesday Morning next.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.'

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed- nesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole <ie‘

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesdaf Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Suprft. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

leicncd. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, ujx>n Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mercurii, 2# die Junii \

Anno 42° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

Pofia-^eof The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 9th froni^ France) Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act kc.xobf " lor establishing a General Poll Office for all her Ma-

considertd. <« jesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out

" of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War,

" and other her Majesty's Occasions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The I Ioulc was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in " tain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu " thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part " of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of " the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to " the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relate to the Postage of Letters to and from France, or the Batavian Republic, from and to London.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, and " on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, to or " from Foreign Parts," might be read,

And the latne being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of exempting trom the Duty of Tonnage granted by the said Act, any Ships or Vessels employed by the Republic of France, to convey the Mails of Letters between the Two Countries.

Committee cn The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ceo'tii?- !a,<; 11 >-h Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti,

tional^Hid-- tuled, " An Act for licensing an additional Number of Rty Coaches. " Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising " thereby," might be read.

Yol. 57.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Coningsby

closing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Com- 1"^of ure Bill* mons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within p e the Parish of Coningsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for determining what Lands are to be exempted from ‘Tythes, when occupied by the Owner.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for subjecting Persons, in certain Cafes, to the Payment of full Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring the Act to be a Public Act. '

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following wrere severally proposed to be made, to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. z'y.To leave out from " as" to " shall," in Line 28.

Pr. x 6. 1. 14. To leave Out from the Beginning of the Line, to " be," in Line 15.

1. 2S. After " Parish" toinfert " subject to " the Payment of full Tythes, and " One Moiety in Value of such " Proportions in lieu of the Tythes " of such House, Toftsteads, and " Lands, as are exempt from " Tythes, when occupied by the " Owners." .

Pr. 18. 1. 5. To leave out from " of" to " any," in Line 6.

6 T Pr. 19,

53°

2* Junii.

A. i8b2.

Pr. 19. 1. 15. To leave out from " (hall" to " in," to the Parish of in the County of

in Line 16. in North; and for erecting another

Pr. 20. 1. 30. To leave out from " Value" to unto," Bridge over the said ltiver Tweed, at or near a Ford or in Line 31. Place in the said River called New Water Ford, to extend

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question from the said Parish of Norham, in the said County of Ditr-severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And ham, to the Parish of in the said County of Berthe Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. wick; and for making Two new Roads from the said Two

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title Bridges, to the Road leading from Berwick to be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the in the said County of Durham, all of which said new

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby, otherwise Conejby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boftc>n Bridge and Gaol, See. Bill, poised.

Roads are intended to be in the said Parish of Norham.

The House was moved. That the Report,' which, upon the ill Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the An ingrossed Bill to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durand Common Councilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in ham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton , the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge pver the and also the several other Roads therein mentioned,

River Witham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the

over some other Part of the said River, within the said said Town of Berwick; and also an Act, made in the Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, 29th Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Term and Powers of the said Act, whose Names are there-Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; unto subscribed, was referred, might be again read, and to purchase and take down several Houses for the And the same being read accordingly;

Purposes aforesaid, was read the Third Time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Bill ordered.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keep-be, An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and ing in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Common Councilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in the Burn, in the County of Durham, through County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads River Witham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within over some other Part of the said River, within the said the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also, for Borough, and . to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, erecting Two Bridges over the said River and for

and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said and to purchase and take down several Houses for the County of Durham: And that Sir John Callander, Mr.

Petition respecting Noti ts fors Durham 2nd Berwick Road* and Bridges, reported.

Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Callander reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also, an Act made in the 18th

Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

Bur don, and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom wlrkfworti the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Koa<M*jll» larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of rep0 the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in WirkJ'worth, to the Turnpike <c Road leading from Derby to Braftington, at or near to " a Place called The Cross in the Hand on Hulland Ward,

" and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another " Turnpike Road leading from the Crols Poll on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place

called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth " aforesaid, all in the County of Derby," was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow* eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Willoby, and Mr. William Foreman, being examined, said. That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 13th Day of April last, Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden lor the County of Durham, and the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and also at the Head Court holden for the County of Berwick, in North Britain, next after Easter, and also Three Times in the Newspaper called The Nezv- Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, reported from the Com- De Vandes castle Courant, in the Month of May last, and Three mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- ^ortjd'ani Times in the Newspaper called The Kelso Mail, in the tuled. An Act for naturalizing Alexandre de pXd.

Months of April and May last, that Application is commonly called Compte de Vandes, was committed; making to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for That the Committee had examined the Allegations of enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Powers of the said Two Acts; and also for augmenting Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Two Acts, and House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the for erecting a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near Bill in at the Clerk's Table, the Town of Norham, in the said County of Durham, to And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

extend frdm the Parish of Norham, in the County of Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

7 Ordered,

Geo. Ill;

53i

Ordered, That Mr. Black burnt of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Earl of Ayles* An ingrefled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act cfum*eFBiil ^or cflh'ftuating an Exchange between the Right honour-kmx° able HeneagcEarl of Aylesjord, and the Dean and Chapter

of Wore eft er, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitions of A Petition of the theretinder-signed Persons, Malt-

Duaiej"°* Rers, resident in and near Dudley, in the County of

Shrewsbury, Worcester:And also,

rcipe^in the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are nuking of thereunto subscribed, being Maltsters residing in and Wait. near the Town of Shrexvjin the County of

And also,

A Petition of the Makers and Manufactureers of Malt in the Borough of Derby and its Vicinity;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, parted in the38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, no Maltster or Maker of Malt is to wet any Grain making into Malt, after taken out of the Cistern, until the End of Twelve Days, on Penalty of Two Hundred Pounds; and that the Petitioners are convinced, by Experience, that such Regulation twill be prejudicial to the proper making of Malt: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.'

©unchurch A Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the t>m)ge°Road Powers> of Four several Acts, passed in the 10th Year of But, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in

commuted, the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George AugujlusWilliam Sliuckburgh Evelyn, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in tire County of Kent, and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edward Fovale, of the Parish of

Boxley, in the County of Kent, Gentleman, on Behalf of lrimself and several of the Inhabitants of the adjoining Parishes; and also the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the first-mentioned Petition, and had considered the second-mentioned Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Glerk'sTable:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for Wirksworth dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and, Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of,

in the said County, be now read the Third Time.

The Lord Arden (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, tire several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Wirkfworth, in the County of Derby; for proteding certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a ' -

Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

unoxetpr md An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering E«»ds Bill, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the puled. 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, and in the 3d and 18th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from to

Snape Marsh; and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of 17tcxeter to the Town or and from

CliffeBank to Snape Marsh', and also from Lower Lane to Hr,a Heath, all in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Levefcn Gower do cany the 2iJ! tt> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Kenniiigtan Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable inclosure Bill* Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Remington, in the Parishes of Sunningwell and Radley, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. ult. After " Part" to insert " in Value."

Pr. 34. 1. 31. To leave out "not."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands,

Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes of Sunningwell and Radley, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe of Abingdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

>fedway Navigation Bill* reported.

General De Lanceyreported from the Committee, to Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates.&c. whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the 32d suant to their Address to Elis Majesty, presented!

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United King- Garrisons* Maidjhne, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, dom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June VOL. 57. ' l80Z

53*

2° Juniu

A. 18024

Forces in the

Plantations,

&c.

General and Start Officers, &c.

Hospital Contingencies*

D9

Do

Troops in tall India*

D*

x 802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, of March 1802 to the 24th of December following, both being 183 Days: And also, inclusive, being 275 Days: And alto,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry Volunteer Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Co‘Ps-and in New South Wales, from the 25th June 1802 to Ireland from the 25th March 1802 to the respective the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Periods therein mentioned: And also,

Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments Barrack

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and , from DeParanent-

and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United Kingdom of the 25th May 1802 to the 24th December following, both Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th of March 1802 inclusive, being 214 Days! And also, to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Days: And also, Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, Ireland, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infir-

and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in mary in , for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days: And also, inclusive, being 183 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military College,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Annual &c. &c. &c. for the Year 1802; inclosing,

" Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers " of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United " Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th " June 1802 to the 24th December following."

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light

Military

College*

N°

N°

1. A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the; Annual Expences of the General Staff of the; Royal Military College, for the Year 1802:"

2. A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the " Annual Expences of the Senior Department " of the Royal Military College, for the Year " 1802:"

N° 3. A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the " Annual Expences at the Junior Department of " the Royal Military College, for the Year " 1802And also,

Estimate? of the further Expences expected to be in- Military

Recruiting for . D*

Dragoons and Fifteen Regiments of Foot, for Service in curred in completing the Buildings of the Royal Military Ai'ylum. East India, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th De- ~

cember following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the' Purpose of recruiting the Regiments

Asylum at Chelsea, for the Reception of the Children or

Soldiers.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates and Papers.

And the said Schedule tvas read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie

serving in East India, from the 25th May 1802 to the upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days: And House.

V

also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments

The said Estimates and Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix,

(No. 83.)

... g ... 0 0 0rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Scotch Militia

serving in East India, from the 25th of June 1802 to the Reading of the Bill (now ingrossecl) to raise and establish Blll» Palled*

Recruiting and Contin-

Cicies for id Forces*

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers*

Allowances to certain Oi-ficer*

a Militia Force in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing Deputy Lieutenants in the Royal Burghs.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

Chelsea and Kilrnainham Jioipitals.

Widow*

Penliuni*

24th of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Lind Forces, of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry, and of extra Forage for the Cavalry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December

following, both inclusive, being 275 Days: Andallo, r_________r___ o_______ _j

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder

Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th March 1802 Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering Deputy Days: And also, ' Lieutenants to administer Oaths.

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Prin- And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the cipal Officers of the several Departments therein men- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be tioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Ex- Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

pences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing a Supernume-paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th March rary Officer, in cale of any Part of die Regiment being 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, trained to the Sendee of the Artillery, being 275 Days: And also. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Chelsea Hospital, and of the' Royal Hospital near Kilmaiti- made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder. ham, from the 25th of March 1802 to the 24th of Decern- Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to berfollowing, both inclusive, being 275 Days: And also, the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing Deputy Lieu-Eft imate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of tenants to revise the Names of the Men in each Clats, Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmain-before they proceed to Ballot. ham, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, from 2 5th And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be being 275 Days: And also, made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Widows of Officers of the Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th

Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering His Majesty to reduce the Supplementary Militia.

And

42 Geo. III. 2° Jtiniu 333

And the said Clause was Tin ice read ', and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. I.39. After" MajestyV. to insert "Regular."

1. 40. To leave out from " Forces" to " as," in Pr. 3. 1. 1.

Pr. 22. 1. 21. After " Britato insert " by Notice, addressed to the Adjutant."

1. 32. After " aforesaid" to insert " in Manner aforesaid."

Pr. 61. 1. 6. After " enrolled" to insert " or at " any General Meeting for the " County, Stewartry, City, or Place " aforesaid."

Pr. 71. 1. 14. After " Months" to insert " and his " Term of Service shall re-commence from the Date of such " Commitment."

Pr. 73* 33- After " Battalion" to insert " and the

" Return of the Account of such " Penalties, with the Names of Persons paving the fame, shall be " tranlinitted by the Clerks of the " Subdivision Meetings to the " Clerks of the General Meetings;

" and, where Two or more Counties,

" Stewartries, Cities, or Places, are " joined together to f'rm a Regiment or Battalion, such Return " shall be font by the Clerk or " Clerks of the General Meetings " of the other County, Stewartry,

" City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartnes, Cities, or Places, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Stewartry furnishinglhe greatest Number of Men " to such Regiment or Battalion." Pr. 91. 1. 36. To leave out " out of the Serjeants."

1. 40. To leave out from " Major" to " and, " in Pr. 92. 1. 1.

Pr. 113. 1. 2^. After "Term" to insert " the said " Terms to re-commence from the " Day on which he shall have returned, or have been taken."

Pr. 116. 1. 4. After " embodied" to insert " and " for the Trial of any Serjeant, Cor-. " poral, Drummer, or Private Man, " of such Regiment or Battalion, " who shall have deserted while the " said Regiment or Battalion was " embodied, and shall not have been " apprehended till after it shall have " been disembodied."

1. 2i. To leave out " Five" and insert "Ten," instead thereof.

1. 33. After " Drumircr" to insert " or " Private Man, as aforesaid."

Pr. 160. 1. 25. After " respectively" to inlert " or " where only One Deputy Lieu* " tenant shall attend as such Deputy " Lieutenant."

Pr. 163. 1. 27. To leave out from " Places" to "and," in 1. aS, and insert " as shall be " appointed, with the Approbation " of I lis Majesty, by the Lieutenant " or Deputy Lieutenants in Manner as is hereinbefore directed, for " training and exercising the disembodied Militia," instead thereof.

Pr. 265. I.39. To leave out " Cafe" and insert " all " Cafes of actual Invasion or," in* llcad thereof. *

Pr. 16511. 40, To leave out from Invafion" to " His," in Pr. 166. 1. x. and insert " and in case of Rebellion," instead thereof.

Pr. 168.1. 9. After " be" to insert " raised or en*

"rolled, or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to raile and establish a Militia Force ijj Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War -do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Dr. Vincent

this House be given to the Reverend Do cl or Vincent, for tluukcd-the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House at Saint Margaret's, Href:n:inf:er , and that he be

desired to print the fame: And that the Lird and Mr. Bankes do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for raising resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon °*

the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th Year of deferred, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War;" and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking itito Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee od'cr*°0"cc<rp* of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Service of Majesty to avail Himlelf of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, corn^firtlilr was committed, be now read. canfiderod.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, so the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with- an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee nn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Att* reipedr-

me Nt'iif i 'll

considerof several Acts, made in the 35th and 36th, and Ship*, &el in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reports*, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Acts, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof

Vo L-

6 U And

534 0? Junit. A. 1802,

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for,

repealing the said Acts, and for making other Provisions in-lieu thereof: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Nicholas do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill respecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Cottonand R^ing of the ingrafted Bill for the Preferration of the other Faflo- Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed tie*, p*fled. jn Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for compelling Masters to cause an Entry to be made of their Mills and Factories in a Book, to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing further Time, in certain Cafes, previous to the abolishing of Night Work.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder,

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. io. After " for" to insert- " the first."

1. xi. After " Apprenticeship" to insert, " which shall next enlue from and " after the Second Day " One thousand Eight hundred and " Two, if he or the is an Apprentice " on the said Second Day of DeOne thousand Eight hundred and Two, and for the first " Four Years at least of his or her " Apprenticeship, if his or her Apprenticeship commences at any " Time after the said Second Day " of December One thousand Eight " hundred and Two."

Pr. 4. 1. y. After "and" to insert "in England and Hales."

Pr. 4. 1.30. After " Pari fit " to insert " and in " Scotland, where the Parents of " such Apprentice (In'll lx* Menibers of the Established Church, " such Apprentice shall be taken, " Once at least in every Year during the Termoi hisor her Apprenticeship, to be examined by the " Minister of the Parish; and shall,

" after such Apprentice shall have " attained the Age of Fourteen " Years, and before attaining the " Age of Eighteen Years, be carried to the Parish Church to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's " Supper, as the same is achninN " ftered in Churches in ."

Pr. 5. 1. 2. After " England" to insert " or according to the Established Rcli-- " gion in Scotland, as the same may " be."

I.25.

1 or

J* JI#

1-39*

Pr. 6. 1. 1.

1. 4.

Pr. 8. I.36.

1. 40.

Pr. 9. 1. 23. Pr. 10. 1. 6.

After " County " to insert " Stewartry."

After " County " to insert " Stewartry."

After " County" to insert " Stewartry."

After " County" to insert " Stewartry."

After " the " to insert " Established ;" and after " England" to insert " or " Scotland, as the same may be."

After " Poor" to insert " in England " and Ireland, and to the Minister " and Elders in Scotland."

After " l'atc" to inlert " in England " and Ireland, and for the Benefit " of the Poor in Scotland."

After " County " to insert " Stewartry."

After " County " to insert " Stewar-

" try-."

I.21. After " Certio" to insert " or Bill " of Advocation."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Peele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider further of |-ll^hfor the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Con- Rc^uhtion of troverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in of the Tmitof Parliament; and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Came.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. The Lord*

Ridley: have agreed t >

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act susnr Bounty for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of May One thou- Bl11*

fend

42 Geo. III.

Medicine Duties Bill*

Irish Mariner* hill.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities fur Ireland.

Bill :o arpend Av*t for Kednctkm f Rational Debt ot IrcLnd

Alfreton Road Bill.

Ltant !ly K.nlway anti Dock Bill.

fond Eight hundred and Three, addinwd Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act: of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.^or granting Stamp duties on certain Medic ines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making cfledual Provision for the better Collect ion of the said Duties; without any Amendment: And a!Id,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords hare agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend lb much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting a " certain Fund in Commissioners, at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the lledudion of the National Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Funds, incale of future Loans,

" to the like Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners ior carrying the same into Execution; without any Amendment; And also,

1 he lz>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from . Jlfret, in the County of Derby, to the Town cl'Derby-, without any Amendment: And also.

The lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, from, or from near, a certain Place called Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks, called,

in the Parish of Llatfih in the fold County; and for making and maintaining a Dock, or Bason, at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Incioiure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and iiclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Commons, within the Township of llithernwick, in the Parish of

in the Fall Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also.

West Grin- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ancilliuie Bill. for c^v'c^nS> allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of 11 'eft and While

Par fit, in the County of without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Linds, within the Parish of Coen;be B\Jct, otherwise Bijjctt, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending lb nr., h t.f an Act, pafert in the Seventh Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, as relates to the (ccreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Poll, and for the better Protection of such Liters and Packets; and for more clFedually preventing Letters and Packets being lent otherwise than Vol. 57.

Withemwick

Moulfoe Inilolure Bill

CeomHe Byfct lnilosure Bill.

Port OTice Retaliation R'll, with Amtn irricr.t*.

by the Pod; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And ailfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act st. Giles's for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, with and other Open and Commonable Lands and Wade Amendments. Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee o« Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter rras^n;tte4 and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His pre- e it to amend sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering J-On(1o°ri Port " more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port " of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby elbrblished.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr- Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Ordef of the Day, for the Third Bill relative to Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, paired, w ithout Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit British-b\i\\tShips to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenberviedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sapp1/* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to amend to reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render Penon, more ctfedual, an Act, made in the 21st Year of the <ithf, rcu-Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual

" Persons

Bill to amend A els for Reduction of National Debt, deferred.

Eiflifries, Kill, p relented. (Expiring Laws.)

stil! jefpecung

Aiion^,

del erred.

Report on Allowance on pretent Payment of Stamp Duties.

lnllmction.

IM1 reverting Jul*;cr< ot K*ace for Middlesex,

*e. reported.

s{, 1802.

" Perll>ns abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, " and from taking of Ferms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Mortiing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, palfed in the 26th and 32ft Years of the Ileign of 1 {is present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfutart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, several Acts, palfed in the 26th, 27th, 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue so much of an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation ot Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow M orning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing level al Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, 'Hut the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Allowances now made on the present Payment of Stamp Duties, the Kel'olution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to reduce the Allowances now made on present Payment of Stamp Duties.

The laid Hesolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a further Time for damping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, pasted in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Peribnal Estates, and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duly, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the 32d and 36th Years of the Reign of 1 [is present Majesty, for the more cfftftu.il Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in l'uch Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Sr.rreyas lie in and near the Metropolis; ami for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the justices at the Thames Police Office, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had

made to the Bill, and which they had direcced him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re- ' port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according Order, reported Report on Aa from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ad'dition-a"51 was referred to consider of an Act, made in the nth HuUk-v Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney

" Coaches, and applying the Monies arising the reby,'* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as (olloweth;

ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be licensed an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding One Hundred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion this Committee,

That there be referred, and made payable to Ills Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, upon every One of the said Licences so to be granted for Hackney Coaches, a Rent of Ten Shillings a Week, to be paid during the Continuance of such Licence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Hanjiltart, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, aAd bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shazv Lefevre, according to Order, reported from Billrefpeaing the Committee of the whole House, to udiom the Bill Poor Honks, to amend an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of rer'or c His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of

7 J

the Debts incurred for building any Poor House, and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time . Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Claughton Tract of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called l»clo,.ure Bill, C/aughton Moor, within, and Parcel of, the Manor Gf conumtte Claughton, in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVUd-man, Mr .^Golding, he.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Act resp-aing consider of so much of an Act, made in the 39th Year cairy"al of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An deferred.

" Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acte, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional

" Force

" Bill for fupolvinj? Dublin with

Pi~>e Writer, Uel'errcd.

Report on

B:il for A!l< evinces to Officers of Militi.i of Ireland, further coalidered.

Bill for conl'ohdnting Acts for Kcdemption of Land Tax, committed.

Bill respefHng the making up of certain Accounts, deferred.

Militia^ Adjut nts Allowances Bill, committed.

Excise

Regulation But, deferred.

42 Geo. lit.

2° Jun

" Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision " rdnecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this " Kin gdom as is now actually called out and embodied," as relates to the Re-payment to the Receivers General of the Sums advanced by them under the said Acts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight. the 10th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, and extending* the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water; and for making better Provision for that Purpose;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read thtf Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, and-Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Ex-cife on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers,

Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Billrefpcaing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the of inland, better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ire- deferred. land;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled-

A Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Difficulties i* ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote atEleftions for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering the Period' of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was, according lo Order, read a Second Time.

Rf-lived. That the Bill be committed.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee cf :!( whole House.

1\ hived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and I' Hefts bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any Colony in

V 0 l. 57.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Committee on solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Ie"

fider of the several Petitions which have been presented to Duties on this House, iq this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Ireland,

Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers, being Im- deterred, porters;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That Two Acts, made in the Acts respefi-Parliament of Ireland in the 37th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Coifee in ' Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties pay- Ireland, to be able thereupon, might be read.* centered.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Ordinary Revenue, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, ordered, from 25th March 1799 to 25th March 1800; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate/><r Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 25th Days of March 1799 and 1800, respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 25th Days of March 1799 and x800 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service, between the.

Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that

Period; and the Balances in the Hands of dismissed and

deceased Collectors of Customs, Excise, and Stamps, on the 25th March 1799; the Sums paid in Liquidation

thereof from that Day to 25th March 1800; and the

Balances as they then flood.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenue, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from 25th March 1800 to ift January x8ox; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Grols Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also, the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum forcohect- -ing the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the

6 X Balances

538 2* — 30 Junii. A. 1802.

Balances or DHL in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 25th Day of March 1800 and ift January 1S01 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the lfevun.es of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 2^th March 1800 and lit January 1801,' respect- tively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period; and the Balances in the Hands of dismissed and deceased Collectors of Customs, Excite, and Stamps, on the 25th March 1800; the Sums paid in Liquidation thereof from that Day to ill January 1801; and the Balances as they then (loud.

Tvt cr respea- The House being informed that there were Mistakes income of *n ^c RaPcr> intituled, " Appendix (A.) and (B.) con-irdand, with- " tinued — General Statement of the preceding Ac-noTher*11^ " being One of the Appendixes inclosed in

oljcrc(L the Account of the Ordinary Revenue and Extraordinary Rcfourccs, const.ituting the Public Income of belaud, from the ift of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1802, which were presented to the House by Mr. Smith (from the' Treasury of Ireland) upon the 14th Day of April Lft;

Ordered, That the said Paper be withdrawn, and another presented in Acad thereof.

Printed. The House being informed. That Mr. Crofton, Chief Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 louie, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Appendix (A.) and (B.) Customs <c and Excise continued — General Statement of the " preceding Account."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such- a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient fur the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

1 x!uv!n°n The Drder Day being read, for the House to

of wheat resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to trom South- consider of so much of an Act, made in the 31st Year of clinic, the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, as permits the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Southampton, for the Sufcenance and Ulc of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 291b Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Inrtrufiion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. llenry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the I Ionic will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ir.fn Hie Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

Report from the Committee of tire whole House, to uti'.icw. whim the Bill to enable Il:s Majesty to accept and

continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to st.imp Duties h resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Time for stamping certain 1 e erre ' Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of to and certain Acts, made in the 9th Year of the Reign ot trom France, Queen Anne, and in the lad 'Session of Parliament, as ^c % relate to the Pofiage of Letters to and irem France, or the Batavian Republic from and to Louden.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That th is House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ami ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f-^red?dC" House, to conlitier further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

And then the House adjourned til; Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Junii\-

Anno 420 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

R. Morrittreported from the Committee, to whom Fairfax's the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to eflabiilh and confirm an Exchange made by and Pmtd. between the 1 lonourable Ann Fairfax, I>atiy of the Manor of GilUng Raft, in the County of Spinster (since

deceased) and the Reftorof the Parish Church of CHliny East afordiiid, with the Consent and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of York, of certain.Tythes, Cattle-gates, Customary Payments, and other Rights, belonging to the said Rest or, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Dcmcfne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Morritt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Slav Lefevrereported from the Committee, to Donin^ton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure Bill. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- rcPorud-

monable

2 Geo. III. 30 Junii.539

monuble I^an Js and Grounds, within the Parish of Don-ington, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham,. was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, re-Jative to Hills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that thek Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of Hliatcs ailciled to the Poors Rate at jf.82. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is allefled to the Poors Rate at£.4,422 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Hill); and that the Committee had gone through the Hill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One b) One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tvsilios Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to

rc'onefl 'aiiJ w'lom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An jn'irtJ. ' Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter tie Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salts, Inquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the

laid Mary de Salts, in making a Partition of certain Ktlates late of the Right honourable Susanna Yifcountess Fane, situate in the Counties of , and

Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called , was committed} That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

w irk (worth An ingrolfed Eill for continuing the Term, and altering Roa.i Bill, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 33d

paileJ. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George

the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and wideningtlie Road from the Moot , in to

" the Turnpike Road leading trom Derby to " at, or near to, a Place called The Cross the Hand on " llulland Hard, and also the Road from the said Ahct

" Hull to another Turnpike Road leading from the " Crcis Post on ll'irkjwortAloor to Bath, at,

" or near to, a Place called Steeple House, in the " Township ot II irk fa: orth aforesaid, all in the County of " Derby," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road trom the Moot in " to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to " ton, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand " on Hu I I era dHard, and also the Road from the fa;d

" Afoot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Crois Post on H ir If worth to Bath,

" at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple in

" the Township of aforesaid, all in the County of Derby."

Y0L.57.

Ordered, That Mn Mmdy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Callander presented to the House, according Durham apd

to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, i mproving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turn- prtfentef. ' pike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting Two Bridges over the said River Tweed; and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading trom Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom ShitKngfon the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- ^tionrc re mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other committed Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Varifnes Bill, reported, of Shitlington and Holwell, in the County of Bedford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc Petition of thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the row Inclosur* Parish of Harrow, in the County of was pre- B*JI-

fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex-, and Setting forth. That, lhauld the said Bill pals into a Law, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be patted into a law; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the' said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners beheard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lord George Thynne reported from the Committee, Boden'nm. to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill, the Common Fields and Common Meadows in the Pa- rei>01 c rish of Bodenham ,in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Oiders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and also to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named (except the Proprietors of Estates allefied to the Land Tax at/j. 8. 2 5 d.

who refilled* to lign the Bill; and also, except the

Proprietors

Committee on Aits relued* ing the Import, See. of Cortee in Ireland*

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Royal Assent U> Sills.

540 3° juniu A. 1802,

Proprietors of Estates afielfed to the Land Tax at {[. 13. 15 T. w\ d. who were'neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at£. 149.2 7 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppolc the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Two Acts, made in the Parliament of,

in the 37thand 40th Years of the lleign of His present' Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereupon, be. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lee reported from the Committee, That he was dire<sted by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Lee accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And Mr. Lee moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Lee, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Sj>eaker reported, That the House, at the Delire of the I.ords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Svjfex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Auckland , and the Lord named all'o in the said Commission, did accordingly declare anil notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills areas followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of:

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, anil for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said-Dbties:

An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, additional Bounties on Refined Sugar exported, and difeontihuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " veiling,a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of " every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the " Reduction of the National Debt, and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in calc of future Loans,

" to the like Purpose," as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution:

An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of Refined Sugar:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths " and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and " made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of " Members to serve in Parliament," to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to lerve in Parliament:

An Act for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating the reto:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, from, or from near, a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to, or near to, certain Lime Rocks, called y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanin the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock, or Balbn, at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road, at or near the said Place called The Flats:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, One palfed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Bought on within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence

to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to CaJUe Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of

in the County of Warwick, and from Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Harp, in the Township of Stonin the said County of

Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from CaJUe Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge " the Powers, of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and " amending the Roads from Liverpool to n and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned,

" in the County Palatine of Lane offerand to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads:

An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing

Mr. Stanley to carry Bill respecting Apprentices at Factories, to the Lords.

Estimates presented:

Subsistence to Innkeepers,

&c.

42 Geo. III. 3d JuiiiL

pairing, the Road leading from in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby

An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beef on Prescott, Baronet, in the County of for

another Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devisees in Trust under the Will of John Glover, late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gentleman, to

grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Graveley, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying inSeveralty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombe otherwiseBiJJett, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying inSeveralty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes QiWcJl Grinstead and White Parish, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Tcuvnship of Wit hern-wick, in the Parish of Withernwick, in the East Riding of the County of York: An Act for naturalizing Alexandre De Vandes, commonly called Compte De Vnudes.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half pa7„ to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Kingdom of and

Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days: And allb,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances D» to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days: And al so,

Estimate of the Charge of Half-Pay to the Reduced D* Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, from 25th March x 802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Ser- Foreign vice of Great Britain, from 25th May to 24th December orps'

1802.

Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 84.)

Mr. Sarrent presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance

, r. *,! x/r ,1 r Estimate,

Address to His Majesty, presented.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance,

Great Britain, for Six Months, from 1 ft July to 31st December 1802; and of the said Charge in Ireland for the same Time.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members- of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. 85*)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to B' rl('n£ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Minens,°de-upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th ferred.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of " Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom,

during the present War and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon W Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry to the Lords, the ingrafted Bill for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, .

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer j and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March, xn that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive;

being 275 Days: And also,

Vo L. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third *'*!to a"ept" Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Ma- viceof°Yeo-jesty to avail Himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry mamyand and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, be now corps^de-l'ead.- terred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill fof dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and Crofton Tn-inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, Common cloftirT, Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofton Green, within the Township of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was rejSd a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wi/ber-force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Sec.: And, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

6 Y The

542 3° juniu \ 1802.

Mor Cm,?, The I louse was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th ordered.* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in " being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of " the Moor or Hill Game," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That l.eave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend the said Act, lo far as relates to the Time of killing such Game in certain Places: And that Sir Henry Pau/et St. John Mildmay, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland, in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Ireland, and Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Import,

" Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties p " payable thereon and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland (not being Malt-fters or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission or otherwise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Committfc oil Petitions re-ffn^ting Duties on Goods imported int® Ittlojul.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Goods into Ireland, payable by Retailers, being Importers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next. *

Augment!- A Motion being made. That this House will, upon to Lord Clia7 Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee

ceiior of of the whole House, to consider of an Augmentation to

Ireland, to be be made to the Salary of the Lord High Chancellor of

considered. /r<W;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the making an Augmentation to the Salary of the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Augmentation to be made to the Salary of the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland. Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-ordered y*&C" count the Gross and Net Produce of the Salary and Emoluments of the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

trebm|,1S count of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of ordered*. several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of compiling, printing, and binding, the Eighth Volume of the Journals of the House of Lords in Ireland, and Index thereto.

rriitive o' Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Licence?'for w'ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to felling Milt continue an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in m irci..nd. the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and " Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereupon," That they do make Provision therein for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland (not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission or otherwise.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Committees to lit.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

!»!'Ti-t^ic"5 ^r- ^eePrc^entcc^ to H°ufe> according to Order,

ct" Coffee into a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Parliament of

A

O

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 25th Day Day appointed of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom the f„g 'Repoltoa Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Petition of the Company, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Leone Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon °"fn^ ^a* the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, for Reduaioa passed in the 26th and 32d Years of the Reign of His ^^at‘onal present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order made, Yester- Supply, day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of deterre<l* the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon tdnesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

r

The House was moved. That the Order made, Yester- Ways and day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of de~ the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill for trying nth and 12th Years of the Reign of King the j "*s for

Third, intituled, "An Act to punish Governors of committed " Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them " committed in the Plantations," might be read. or ere ‘

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the India Company,

" and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy " and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences " committed in the East Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved. That an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to enlarge, and make perpetual, the " Act made for Ease in pleading against troublesome " and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of

" the

42 Geo. III. $° J

" the Peace, Mayors, Constables, and certain other His Majesty's Officers, for the lawful Execution of their " Office, made in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's most happy Reign," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the trying and punishing, in Great Britain, Persons holding Public Employments, for Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IrifoFWaions Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed. Reading of the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.To leave out the Word " now;" and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Wednesday Morning next."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " Hand Part of the Question;

The Houl'c divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, y^'cant Moo} &

Tellers for the Noes, ^r‘ , 1 7-

(General Gafroyne: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords A Meffice from the Ix>rds, by Mr. and Mr.

have agreed to Ridley:

Mr. Speaker,

Alvafton and The Ujrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fncloiure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclohng, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parishes or Town-ships of Alvajlonand Boulton, in the County of Derby: without any Amendment: And allb,

Welt challow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Intloiure Bill. f()r tJiVTidincg, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And

also,

Thurlby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ucoiure 1 . dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Fen, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, within the Farish of in

the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

Kelby, Sec. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act incioiure Bill. for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelby, Aisby, and Ofcby, and in the Parish of Hay dor, in the county of;

without any Amendment; And also,

Vol. 57.

unit. 54$

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions ,a'?J of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Prees, otherwise bendary's Bill". Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First BUI read.

Time.

.. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on Bill further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing Peace for Two Acts, made in the 3 2d and 36th Years of the further Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual coiifidered. Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, dire (fling, that the Appointment of Justices shall be during their good Behaviour.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon fVednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Again re-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year London Port of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for Act, reported. " rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London,"so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company, thereby established, was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta Philips, read.e 1 Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey, in Fee Farm, her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying, in Fee Farm, the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, under yearly reserved Rents; for the Purpose of building upon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Paul's Ertats for veiling Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of Bl11, iea<1* John Paid, Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paid Paul, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged Irom

the

544 3* Ju 1802.

the U fes and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Ellate in the County of Glourester; and for veiling the Hcliduc of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bin to anient! Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

o/spirituall£ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Personj, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render deterred. more effectual, an Act, made in the 2illYear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Spiritual " Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, " and from taking of Forms, &c." be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Letters to and ^l0m die Committee of the whole House, to whom it from France, was referred to consider of so much of certain Acts, &c* made in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen , and

in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to the Pollage of Letters to and from France, or the Batavian Republic, from and to London; and who were inltrudted to consider of exempting from the Duty of Tonnage, granted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, any Ships or Vessels employed by the Republic of France to convey the Mails of Letters between the Two Countries, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same were read; and are as follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rates of Pollage payable on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to or from France, or the Batavian Republic, from or to , do cease and de-

termine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets sent by the Poll to or from France from or to London, for every Single Letter Ten Pence; for every Double Letter One Shilling and Eight Pence; for every Treble Letter Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight Three Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets sent by the Poll to or from the Batavian Republic from or to London, for every Single Letter One Shilling; for every Double Letter Two Shillings; for every Treble Letter Three Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Duty whatever shall be payable on the Tonnage of any Ships or Vessels employed in conveying the Mails ot letters from France to Great Britain.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Air. Hi.'ey Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Rsport on Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported o/w'i^t'/om from die Committee of the whole House, to whom it So<!tiuint»trm was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in toGucriUty, t|)e ^](t Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Southampton, for the Sullenance and Ule of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Jersey,

and Alderney; and who were inllrudled to consider of

so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of fhis Committee,

That 1b much of the said Act as permits the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat and other Articles, in every Year, from the Port of Southampton, for the Sullenance and tJfe of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey and Alderney, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a limited Quantity of Wheat and other Articles be permitted to be exported, yearly, from the Ports of Weymouth and Southampton, for the Sullenance and Ule of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to prevent the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain in the same Ship in which it shall be imported.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart„ and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, luftruaion. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do make Provision therein for empowering Collectors and Comptrollers, or Principal Officers of the Customs, at the Out Ports, to administer Oaths in all Cases relating to the Revenue of Customs.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Billforfunher from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the jhtfxrialTof Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Contro- Controverted verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Ele£^"JJs' Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order,* reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Su?ply' was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reward to That a Sum, not exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, be Dr- Jcnuer-granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Doctor Edward jenner, as a Reward for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation, by which a mild and efficacious Mode of superfcding that dreadful Malady the Small Pox is established.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D* to Mr. That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Hundred Pounds, Grtathead' be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Henry Great-head, of South Shields, in the County of Durham, Boat-builder, as a Reward for his Invention of the Life Boat, whereby many Lives have already been saved, and great Security is afforded to Seamen and Property, in Cales of Shipwreck.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr.

i^-

42 Geo. III. 30 Junii.

545

Irish Militia Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Estimatf, from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate I*Pt,rte of jjie Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Allowances to be made

to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace, for the Year 1802; and who were empowered to report.

from Time to Time, to the House; That the Commi ttee had prepared an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of ,on being disembodied.

38 Adjutants, - - 6 s. — per Diem each

38 Surgeons, - - 4s. —

1,216 Serjeants, - - is. 6 d.

1,425 Corporals, - - is. id.

570 Drummers, - - i t. —

76 Fifers, - - - is. — -

Addition to 76 Serjeant Majors, is. 6 each Week

to 38 Drum Majors, - -6 - per D° -

Allowance to 38 Regimental Clerks, £. 50 per Ann.

Rent of Stores for 38 Reg" - -

ESTIMATE for 28 Days Pay.

285 Capt* - - - -10 s. — each -

629 Lieut* - - - - 5-t. 8 d.

226 Ensigns - - - 41. 8 d.

12,540 Privates, 44 perC° is. — - -

Allowance of 4 d.for One Month, to each Drummer and Private -

£ s~ d.

- 4,161

2>774

- 33,288

- 30,340 12 6

10,402 10 —

- *»387

- 494

- 346 15 —

- 1,900 — —

L729

£ 86,822 17 6

3,990 *

- 4,990 1 4

- 1,476 10 8

- 17>556

- 218 10 —

28,231 2 —

£ 115,053 19 6

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Bill for Mr. Nicholas Varjitlartpresented to the House, ac-

liccniinp cording to Order, a Bill to authorize the licensing an Hatk'ney* additional Number of Hackney Coaches: And the same Coaches, was received; and read the Eirfl Time. presenteU. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IVednt /dayMorning next.

Accounts,&c. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Ir'-Vmd"'* Account of the Sums remaining unpaid on Account of ordered. Printing and Binding One thousand Five hundred Copies of the new Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons cf Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums remaining unpaid to the Persons employed in prcpaiing a New Edition of the Journals of the l louie of Commons of Ireland, for making Indexes to the several Volumes, and a General Index to the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Eliamate of the Charge of the Yeomanry Corps of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bui rcivcfht'g resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

tlienmkingup . , . . *

of certain tuc bill for altering the Period ot making up the Ac-

Accounts. counts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before

Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, be now read.

VOL. 57.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon IVc due [day Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficientior the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Cor°ners Fees Report from the Committee of the whole House, to B " erre<1‘ whom the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increase of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be -received upon Thursday Morning next.

6 Z The

\Vtft India F.<c Pc rt Acts. to be tojliilitl cci.

5° Juniu 1801;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 3ad Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of " Sugar and Codec into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands " in Foreign Ships," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House wars also moved, That an Act, made in the 33d Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twentyseventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for ab " lowdng the Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships,

" into and from certain Ports and Places in the " Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made " in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of " Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and so much of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of " Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony " or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and " so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation x>f Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into " Nova Scotia or NewBninswick, from any Country be-

" longing to the United States of ," might be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation- of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

" in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la,

" Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the " Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the " Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica; and in the " Port o ( Najj'au, in the Island of New Providence, one

" of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and " Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved, That an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the Port of Scarborough,

" in the Island of Tobago, a Free Port, under certain " Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the Port of San Jofef,

" in the Island of Trinidad, a Free Port," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the " Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, An Act for allowin the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, and Merchandize, in

" the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, " and Santa Lucca, in the I/laof Jamaica; in the Port

" of Saint George, in the Blan Grenada; in the Port

" of Roseau, in the Bland of Dominica; and in the Port " of Nassau, in the Islandof New Providence, one the " Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and " tuns might be read.

Anti the same was read accordingly.

'l'he House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the Port of " dam, in the Island of Curaa Free Port," might be read.

Ar.d the same being read accordingly;

7

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith (from the Aeco"nf*

« ' rcio ct-ne

Treasury of Ireland) attended at the Door; he w;as called 6

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant predated, to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their Extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1802*; And also,

An Account of the Expence of Compiling, Printing, and Binding, the Eighth Volume of the Journals of the House of Lords in Ireland, and Index thereto: And also.

An Account of the Sums remaining unpaid on Account of Printing and Binding One thousand Five hundred Copies of the New Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland:And also.

An Account of the Sums remaining unpaid to the Persons employed in preparing a New Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland, in making Indexes to the several Volumes, and a General Index to the whole Work.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Appendix, The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix (No. 86.) to this Volume.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon Report the 2 2d Day of March last, was made from the Com- uuty«nS th° mittee, to whom the Petition of the Booksellers and Paper, Printers of the Cities of London and whose comm?tt«of

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be the whole again read. Iiouk*

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House was moved, That an Act. made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to I lis Majesty certain additional Duties on " Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made " in, or imported into. Great Britain; and on Tea imported into, and fold in Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Act: be referred to the Confi- Aa referred, deration of the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the ^uti*s°"Sta 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- {n'urance, to tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain be considered. " Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for u granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on.

" Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances;

" and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other " Deeds," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the Duties on Sea Policies of Insurance.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee or Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been s.ldier.to in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr,

42 Geo. III.

O O cv

3 — 9 Jumi.

547

Fisheries, &c« Bill, Committed. (Expiring Laws.)

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

A Bill to revive, and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue so much of an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee «»t\ Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, Adjutant* and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, Allowances made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His BlU* present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill respecting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the of Ireland, better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ire- deferred* land;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- , ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Al'/erf*4*1"* The Order of the Day being read, for taking into deferred. further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Biilrefpeaing The Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the 22ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as

relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; and for enabling the Guardians of the Poor, established under the Authority of the said Act, to receive and employ the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Hamlet in any Poor House, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, lb far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read-

DPblmin«ith InS l'lc ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, and Pipe Water, extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament deterred. now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Pur-poll*;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Bill for The Bill (now ingrossed) for making Allowances, in

to'ortcerTof certam Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Militia of Ireland, during Peace, was, according to Order, read Ireland, the Third Time.

paired* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for making Allowances, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 57.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported irish from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the corpTSiU,

Bill to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the reported. Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- 8cwp Dutie* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole BU^efened. House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Time for stamping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 die Junii;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

MR. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Monmouth-the Bill for making and maintaining certain Rail- shire Canal ways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors ot that Navigation to raiie a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the 32d and 37th Years

of

of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Henry NevillEarl of and the

humble Petition of Thomas of in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and Joseph of Glo,

in the County of Monmouth, Gentleman; and all'o, the Petition of John Jones, of Llanarth, in the County of Monmouth, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and all'o the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Anchoime Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom

Navigation"*1 *be Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act,

Bill, reponed. paired in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual drainine the Lands lying in the Level of Anchoime, in the " County of Lincoln, and making the River Anchoime " navigable from the River , at or near a Place

" called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the " Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said " Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence " to Btjhop Briggs, in the said County of ," was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 389 Acres 3 Roods 25 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 490 Acres 1 Rood 6 Perches, who were applied to, but returned no Answer; and also, except the Proprietors of 685 Acres 2 Roods 28 Perches, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands to be affected by the Bill consists of 17,197 Acres 3 Roods 10 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Foikton, Arc. Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

reported!Bl11' w^,om ^lc Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Waites, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Foikton, and within the r.pspective Hamlets or Districts of and West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Foikton, in the Ealt

Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Byngdo make the Report from Member the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, repairing, fcpon ifiTaf widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watch- Do.,s Road ing, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage lload, tul* to be called The Commercial Road, from the India Docks, in the IJleof Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to-communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into, and along, LAy/ie Street and Great Aylie Street, into, and through, Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgate High Street, in the City of London, was recommitted.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported Dunchurch from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing gt^bridge the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Four several Road Bill, Acts, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late rePorte‘1- Majesty King George the First, in the 13th and 26th

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Hull Dock- to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, reported, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at;

" for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of " Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the " Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a Bason or

" Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other *

" Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels uling the " laid Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums " of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said " Port, for those Purposes, and for establishing other " necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of " Kingston-upon-Hull;" and also, for making an additional

Bason or Dock at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber, and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty in Aid of the said Works, was committed; That the Committee had exa- . mined the Allegations of the Bill, and fyund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the lloulc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question

42 Geo. III. 9° Junii. 549

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by called Church Lane, or Church Street,; and the House. also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road, to com-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be municate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, ingrossed. all in the County of and also for opening,

widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are from the End of the said Road, to, along, and through Wenlock°f thereunto subscribed, being Maltsters resident within the Church Lane, or Church Street, into, and along! Little Aylie refitting the Town and Liberties of IVenlock, in the County of Salop, Street and Great Aylie Street, into, and through Somerset Malt"6 0t was Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County That by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parlia- of and High Street, in the City of

ment, it is Enacted, That no Maltster shall wet any Grain, London, was re-committed; That the Committee had making into Malt, after the same shall have been emptied made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they out of the Cistern, until the Expiration of Twelve Days, had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read on pain of forfeiting £. 200; and that the Petitioners the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the have endeavoured to make Barley into Malt, according Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Table: to the System thereby laid down, and they find it im- Where the Report was read.

possible, at this advanced Period of the Malt-making And the House being informed that forrte further Scalon, to make the same into good and wholesome Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Malt: And therefore praying the House to grant them Bill;

such Relief as they shall lee meet. That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to Table. the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Shitlington and Holwell Inclosure Bill, luffed*

T)urhnm and Berwick Roads Bill, committed.

Earl of

Aylesford's

Exchange

Bill,

committed.

Ifir of Pojjs recommitted Bill, retried, and again re-committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitlington and in the County of

Bedford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. I. 12. To leave out " Spinster."

Pr. 6. 1. 17. After " Parish" to insert "of

" lington."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fever.dr/ pat thereupon, agreed to by the House: And-the B..1 was amended at the Table accordingly.

Kfdvcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Purilhes of Shitlingtonanti Holzvell, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Robinson* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate ®1,» , veiling the Manor of Northill, and several Messuages JSfed! and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-ttpon-Tzveed, to Lammerton Hill, and

also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting Two Bridges over the said R iver Tweed; and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhi/l,in the said County of Durham, was read a

Second Time.

R solved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Callander, Mr. Burdoi:, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right honourable HcneageEarl of Aylesford and the Dean and Chapter

of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lcfez re, Mr. Nic bolls, See.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and fur watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street,

Vol. 57.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Com- Newton mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and J^rtedf B,llj inclosing, the Common or Waste situate in she Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of ,was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House on the 15th Day of March last; and that' the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the -

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had- gone-through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Philips's for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta Philips,

Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey, in Fee Farm, her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying, in Fee Farm, the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, under yearly reserved Rents,

7 A for

55°

for the Purpose of building upon, was read a Second , Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. :-birrne of Lancashire, Mr. &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Account reU- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Amount of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January 1802, from the several Persons whose Accounts have been delivered into the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, and to the Auditors of Foreign Accounts and imprefts in Ireland, since the 5th Day of January 1780; distinguishing the Names of such Persons; the Nature of their Service in which they became indebted, and when the said Service ended, and the Time when their Accounts were delivered in; the Total Amount of their Charge and Discharge, contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Progress made in settling their Accounts respectively; the Charge and Discharge upon Declared Accounts, and the Balances upon Accounts so declared; and the Sums (if any) paid by them in Reduction of their original Debt, and at what Time; and the Sums now remaining due from them respectively.

Neutral shipt The Lord Glenberviepresented to the House, according

prelimed *° Order, a Bill for repealing several Atts, made in the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for further Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Uic^rriaUof^ further Consideration the Report from the Committee

Controverted

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Mcctions, Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

90 Junii.

A- 1802.

deferred.

Estimatcs

presented;

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Trans^orts, & c.

Sick Prisontr* <* War.

Mr. William Eliot (from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to H is Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1802: And all'o.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buiklings, and Repairs of Ships of War in H is Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1 802: And also.

An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the 1 lire of Transports; and for the Discharge of the E.\pence of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home ami Abroad, which will become payable between the 18th June 1802 and 31st December following.

Mr. William E/iot also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th of June 1802.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read. Ordered, That the said Estimatcs do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

and the Abstract thereof, and the other Efti-

mates, are inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix,

Volume. (No- 87.)

The House being informed that Mr. Crofton, Chief Account?,

Clerk of the Treasury in Ireland, attended at the Door; freiand?7* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented: House, pursuant to their Order,

Five Books, intituled, " Annual Government — Mili- Arrears and " tary- — Parliamentary, Annual and Extraordinary; and BaUnces‘

" Extraordinary Government," containing — "Accounts " of the Arrears and Balances due on the 5th of January " 1802, from the several Persons whole Accounts have " been delivered in to the Commissioners of Imprest " Accounts, and to the Auditors of Foreign Accounts " and imprefts in Ireland, since the 5th Day of January " 1780; distinguishing the Names of such Persons, the " Nature of their Service in which they became indebted,

" and when the said Service ended, and the Time when " their Accounts were delivered in; the Total Amount " of their Charge and Discharge, contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances " thereon; the Progress made in settling their Accounts respectively; the Charge and Discharge upon " declared Accounts, and the Balances upon Accounts " so declared; — and the Sums (if any) paid by them in " Reduction of their original Debt, and at what Time;

" and the Sums now remaining due from them relpec- tively:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Exchequer Particular? of " Bills not in Course of Payment in Ireland till after 5th gijjs‘c<luer " January i8or, as returned in an Account to this " House on the 7th of May, amounting to 230,350,

" and to £. 1,322,273. 6s. 8 d.;specifying their Dates,

" and the Authorities under which they were issued And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Sum of d*

" f. 1,196,500, issued from the Irish Treasury in the last " Year, for Payment of Exchequer or Treasury Bills;

" specifying the Dates, and the Authorities under which " such Sum was ifiuedAnd also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salary, &c. of Salary and Emoluments of the Lord High Chancellor of ^chan* Ireland: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Yeomanry Corps of Yeomanry that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Co, Ps*

Year 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books, Papers, Account, and Estimate, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Augmentation to be made to the Salary of the Lord High Chancellor o ( Irelan

Ordered, That the said Books, Papers, and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume; and the Books, Papers, and Ac- (No. 88.) count, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Orders, made upon Return to be the 10th Day of March last, that there be laid before made to this House, Accounts of the Imports and Exports of accouiiu Ireland, for the Year ending the 5th January 1802, and relative to for the Year ending the 25th March 1800, and from Ireland-thence to the ill January 1801; and of the Net Produce of each Year, commencing the 25th March, of all Taxes, and additional or increufed Duties imposed in Ireland, from 1791 to 1801; and of all Taxes or Duties which have cealed to be payable in Ireland since the 25th March 1800; and also, that the Orders made upon the 10th Day of May last, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances in the Hands of certain Colletftors in Ireland, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

9 a Juni

551

Ordered, That Returns be forthwith made to this House, pursuant to the said Orders.

Motion for a further Return to an Order.

Neg.

Purposes of tire said Act j without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Keyin^ham for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arabic Inclosure B41'* Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within tire this House, an Account, specifying by what Authority . Town ship and Parish of Keyingham in in the

an Issue of £. 334*368. 14 s. 10d. was made by the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Irish Treasury, as (bated in the Abstract of Receipts and Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Issues of the Treasury delivered to this House, under Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the Un-.,r ‘Vote of Credit,' how the Amount said Township and Parish; without any Amendment:

And also, 1( .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia \n England, Amendment*, and for augmenting the Militia; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the,

Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palLed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* Loan or Treasury Bills, or in what other Manner; and veiling certain Trull Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Secu- ^^P.aired» the Dates of the Payments on Account thereof into the rities, of which John , Esquire, and Thomas

//yft Treasury; ..... — - ~

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas.^g^ . }

Tellers for the Noes,j Mr >2/., Vmfutart: }

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the toth Day of May lad, " That there be laid before

the Head of ‘ Vote of Credit,' how the Amount " was raised, and when it was paid to the Irish Treasury;' and also the Account presented to the House pursuant to the said Order, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a further Return be made to the said Order, specifying, whether the Sum therein mentioned was raised by

21.

62.

Accounts ordered; Surplus of Consolidated Fund*

Exchequer

JBiUs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Amount of die Sum wanting to complete £.3,100,000, granted out of the Monies that shall arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued Command) acquaihted the House, That His Majesty, per Act 39th and 40th Geo. III. Cap. 33, intituled, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, " -L- 1 --J- n ----- ----- ---- r TT:- gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is

Williams, Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs, JEihtes Bill. Esquire, and George Burley, Gentleman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

'And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made. That the -ingrossed Bill for Donington dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, I"^,are Bl11, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and p , ' Grounds, within the Parish of Donington, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's

" An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a " limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Sup- plies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, " for the Sendee of the Year 1800; and to enable the

concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Governor and Company of the Bank of England to be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

advance Cash or Bullion to be remitted abroad on " Account of Foreign Subsidies or Sendees abroad,'1 outstanding, and unprovided for.

Account of Fish brought to Billingsgate, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Cargoes of Fish brought to

O D

the Port of London, and fold in Billingsgate Market, in the Years ending on the 25th March 1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802, respectively.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Donington, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Shazv Lefevre do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Day appointed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting Amendments The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Sir the Militia, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Ensiifh lave agreed to William Weller Pepys:. Morning next. ,ma 1

Mr. Speaker,

Stirling and , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill for railing C^kinrinnan for making and repairing the Road from Cattfeway Head, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

1 near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th Year of deferred.

Foot of the OchilHills, and by IKeJl Saline and Crofjoord, the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

towards Queens/erry , and certain Roads brandling out of " for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Com-the same; and for converting the Statute labour in the " and for the Defence of the Kingdom

said County of Clackmannan-, without any Amendment: " during the present War;" and for the more effectually

And alto, railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence

Maldltone Paying Bill*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, " cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Puflages and Places, within the King's Town " of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing " and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better lltpplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maid [tone;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Vol. 57.

of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this l loulc will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to accept Reading of the ingrossed Bill, to enable His Majesty'to avail Himfelfof the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Vo- manry and luntcer Corps to continue their Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read th Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The

Volunteer

Corps,

deferred.

Account of Fish brought to Billing?* gate, presented.

Committee of Supply.

F Annates, &c.

deterred: Guards and Garrisoni.

Forces in the Plantations*

See.

General and Stall Officers, Ac,

D*

Troops in Kilt India.

D#

Recruiting for LT

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Cargoes of Fish brought to the Port of London, and fold in Billingsgate Market, in the Years ending on the 25th Day of March 1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and in Nezv South Wales, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff* Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th of March 1802 to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff*Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of " the Annual Charge of the General and Staff*Officers, " and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces " in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, " from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th March 180 2 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons and Fifteen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops, of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, llationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, llationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East the 25th of

June 1802 to the 24th of December following, both inclu-live, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee. '

2

Ordered, That the Estimate of the_Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry', and of Ektra Forage for the Cavalry^inthat Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lftimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th of March 1802 to the

24th of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Day's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pehfions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th of March 180a to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the respective Periods therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military' College, &c. 8tc. &c. for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of " the Annual Expences of the General Staff* of the " Royal Military College, for the Year 1802," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Annual Expences of the Senior Department of " the Royal Military College, for the Year 1802," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of " the Annual Expences at the Junior Department of " the Royal Military College, for the Year 1802," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Expences expected to be incurred in completing the Buildings of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Recruiting and Contingencies for Land Forces

Full Pay to

Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to certain Officers.

Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals.

D*

Widows

Pensions*

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack

Department*

Hospital

Contingen-

cies.

Military

College.

D*

D*

Military

Asylum.

42 Geo. III. o° Juttii. 553

Stibfiflence to Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the in-&nc e'prr*' creased Rates of Subfi(fence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Half Pay. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25 th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being

18.1 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Foreign Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign

c#rp* Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, from 25th May to 24th December 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordnance. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Great Britain, for Six Months, from 1 ft July to 31st December 1802; and of the said Charge in Ireland, for the same Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Iria» Militia. A Motion being made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who prepared an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Cony (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the Iloufe, to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for the Year 1S02, as they shall think necefliiry.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

tjnTijruled Ordered, That the Account of the Unfunded Debt

Dcbu of Ireland, and Demands outstanding on 5th January

1802, under the Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Hills, and Lottery' Prizes; distinguishing, under each I lead respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided; and also what Part of the said Debt and Den)and was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

PuMic Officers Ordered, That the Account of the Sums necessary for in Ireland. the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their Extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Irish journals. Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of Compiling, Printing, and Binding, the Eighth Volume of the Journals of the House of Lords in Ireland, and Index thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums remaining

unpaid on Account of Printing and Binding One thou-l'and Five hundred Copies of the New Edition of the Vol. 57.

Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums remaining 1)0 unpaid to the Persons employed in preparing a New Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland, in making Indexes to the several Volumes, and a General Index to the whole tVork, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tioifcrf'&Saiiy to consider of an Augmentation to be made to the to Lord Chan-Salary of the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrqw Morning.

A Motion being made. That this House will. To- Compilation morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision for de- for Trial of fraying such Expences as may be incurred by the Ap- j-o^roverted pointment of Commissioners and Clerks for executing to°be

certain Matters relative to the Trial of Controverted considered-Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision for defraying such Expences as may be incurred by the Appointment of Commissioners and Clerks for executing certain Matters relative to the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Repyrt °» Consideration the Report, which was made from the foe‘sierra Committee, to whom the Petition of the Court of Leone Com-Directors of the Sierra Leone Company was referred, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was again read,

7 B,

Report b apply, further couiiuered.

Accounts of Arrears and Usances, preie.itccU

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances, due the 5th January 1802, from the Officers of the Customs in , from the 5th

January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or arc employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1802, from the Officers of Excise in England, from the 5th January 1774, fofaras the same can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections, and in what Capacity they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And all'o,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears

and Current Balances, due on the 5th of January 1802, from the Receivers General of Land and AlfcUed Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1774, lb far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the late and nr, lent Receivers, the Names of such Receivers, and for what PlaVes they are or were Receivers; the Sums originally one, and when: and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And ailb,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current BaLnces, due the 5th of January 1802, born the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Land Revenue of the Crown in Wales, and the County of Monmouth, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the hue and present Officers, their Names, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed; the Balances due from them respectively upon the last making up of their Accounts, and the Periods to which the same were computed; the Amount of their subsequent Receipts, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge of the said Arrears and Balances: And all'o, -

A l.iil of the Accounts which have been delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on which any Progress has been made since the ;tn of July 1785, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any such Accounts; specifying the Names and Sendees of the Accountants; the Time of their respective Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as cldivtuu in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies I aid upon each Account previous to the same being Bated to tire Treasury, and the Time when they were

severally dated; the.Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and dated; the Monies paid b.-t.vccn the Stating and Declaration of such Accounts, the Tune when they were declared, the Balances due upon such Accounts as have been declared, the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are dill unpaid; so far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury: And also,

A Lid of the Accounts which were delivered over to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts by the late Auditors of the impreds, on which any Progr els has been made in their Oliice since the 5th July 17S5, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any such Accounts; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Time of their respective Accounts being delivered in; the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances thereon; the Monies paid upon each Account, previous to the same being dated to the Treasury, and the Time when they were severally dated; the Balances due upon the several Accounts examined and dated, the Monies paid between the Stating and Declaration of such Accounts, the Time when they were declared, the Balances due upon such Accounts as have been declared, and the Monies paid to the Public since the Declaration thereof; and the Amount of such Balances as are dill unpaid; so far as the same can be ascertained from the Books in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or those of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury: And all'o,

A Lift of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, since the 5th Day of January 1797, whereon any Balances appear to be now owing to or Lorn the Public; specity-ing the Names and Services of the Accountants, and the Progress made upon their iclpedLve Accounts'; together with the Time when they were re (pec lively delivered in and reported upon to the Treasury; specifying all'o, the Total Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts, as delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due; and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof; and the Amount of such Balances as are dill unpaid, so far as the same can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Commissioners of ilis Majesty's Treasury: And also,

A Lid of Officers and Departments, whole Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts: And also,

A Lift of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts for Money iniprested on Account for Extraordinary Services: And also.

An Account of the Balances due to the Public upon the Ordinary and Extraordinary Accounts depending in the Offices of the late Auditors of the Imprelly and transferred to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, wherein no Progress has been made since the same were so transferred; speciiyir.g the Nature of the last Proceeding had thereon, previous to such Transfer.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Papers are preserved among ft the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

42 Geo. III. 90 Junii.

555

Accounts preltnttd:

Surplus of

Consolidatol

Fund.

T-rchequer

bhU

Jpfindix,

(No. 89.)

Mr. Nicholas Vavjittart also presented to the Floufe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Sum wanting to complete £. 3,100,000, granted out of the Monies that shall aril'e from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1801: And also.

An Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners " of I lis Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to " a limited .'.mount, on the Credit of inch Aids or " Supplies as- have been or shall be granted by Parliament. fr the Service of the Year One thousand Eight " hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of " the hank ot England to advance Cash or Bullion, to " be remitted Abroad, on Account of Foreign Subsidies " or Set vices Abroad," outstanding and unprovided for. Anri the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, Thai the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be ]x-ru!ed by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Min a of Mr. Nirho/as Vanfillartalfo presented to the House,

Population of rurlu;V1t to tl!c Directions of an Act of Parliament, scoti.tmi, A Book, intituled, " Abstract of the Answers and pretented. Heturns made pursuant to an Act, passed in the Fortyfirst Year of 11 is Majesty King George III. intituled, "An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. " Enumeration, Part II. Scotland."

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That i'uch a Number of Copies of the said Book be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

p'mion*" Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported respecting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

l>iti:j on was referred to contider of the several Petitions which

Parted into have been presented to this House in this Session of

Ireland. Parliament, praying for the Repeal of certain Duties upon the Importation of Goods into payable

by Retailers, being Importers, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Duty of Six Pounds per granted by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland % in the 40th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and continued by several subsequent Acts to the 25th Day of March 1803, upon the Duties chargeable on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, except Sugars, imported into Ireland by any Person being a Retailer or Conlumer, do cease and determine.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Joule.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry, Mr. ll'ukham, and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

EM!respifling Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Ecace^or* heading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for repealing Two MkUi;<kx. Acts, made in the 3zd and 36th Years of the Reign of &c. paited. His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Oiiice ot a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties ot Miand Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in Vo l. 57.

lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, prescribing the Form of Conviction.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the Rights of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.

And the said Clause w'as Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 35. After " always" to insert, " And be " it further Enacted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ref jived. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the,

Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the . Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Militia from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Allowances Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much Bill, repimeif. of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowr-ances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and vthich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. -

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill to enable from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the so^ers^to"* Bill to enable such Officers, Maririers, and Soldiers, as exercise have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, ^Tol-ted or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Meffi since 1 1 the 24th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, ac- Ftmch, fc-c. cording to Order, a Bill for repealing the Rates and p^lcrted'l"'

Duties

Duties of Portage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to , and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time . Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into BlAUensf "'S further Consideration the Report from the Committee ftmhfr con- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing CJered. several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for nuking perpetual so much of Act 38 Geo. III. as exempts certain Alien Debtors from being arrested.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Bill to amend Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported nifnonof*" from Bie Committee of the whole House, to whom the National Debt, Bill to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, reported. passed in the 26th and 32d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, dire (fling a separate Account to be kept of the Money remitted from Ireland for Reduction of the National Debt.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing a separate Account to be kept at the Exchequer, of the Money paid for Ireland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Provision for discharging the Loan con-tradled this Year for the Service of Ireland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

inrrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrafted.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- H°rrel"toU,° tuled, " An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences considertd.

taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose " of travelling Port, and on Horses Jet to Hire for tra- '

" veiling Poll, and by Time; and on Stage Coaches;

" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for traveiling Port, and by Time," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on " Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and " for consolidating the same with the present Duties " thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relate to the Duties on Horses let to Hire for a longer Period of Time than Two Days.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjitlart presented to the House, ac- Bill to permit cording to Order, a Bill for permitting the Exportation wta* of Wheat and other Articles from the Ports of from South-

ampton and Weymouth to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for preventing the Exportation of To- presented! C' bacco from Great Britain in the same Ship in which it shall be imported; and for empowering Collectors. and Comptrollers, or Principal Officers of the Customs, at the Out Ports, to administer Oaths in all Cases relating to the Revenues of Customs: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill.be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, accord- Bill for trying ing to Order, a Bill for the trying and punishing, in otf£ce/°r Great Britain, Persons holding public Employments, for committed Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Pro- Abroad, visions of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign pre enK ' of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit tp safe Custody: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ' Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for foiidat'ing°U" consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed Acts for Re-for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One flmiTa".0* Act; and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Mr.

Reported.

Excise Regulation Hi if, deterred.

Bill respecting Import, &c of Collie into Ireland, and W dt Licences, committed.

Ways and

Means, deferred.

Bill for li-

cenling additional Hackney Coaches, committed.

Bill respecting the making up of certain Accounts, re-committed.

42 Geo. III.

557

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Reoort was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of‘Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be lutficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, 1 some-madeSpirits.Starch, Auctioneers, Rum ilripped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties ot Excise;

Resolved, That this 1 Joule will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Parliament of Ire!and, in the 37th Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Import, " Kxport, and Sale of Coflee, and securing the Duties " payable thereon;" and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland (not being . Maltlters or Makers bf Malt) idling Malt by Commission or otherwise, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve it ihIf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itleif into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to authorize the licensing an additional Number ol HackneyCoachcs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I Joule.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the w hole I louse, to whom the Bill for altering the Period of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vo L. 57.

Resolve d, That this, House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on

0 J 9 WJ /L F 1 *

to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to Fr^. consider of several Acts, passed in the Reign of His Acts. present Majesty, respecting certain Free Ports in the West Indies;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for -enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Tint Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanftttart, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole I louse, to

consider of the Report, which, upon the 22d Day of Duty onPaper, Rlarch last, was made from the Committee, to whom ae-erred. the Petition of the Book(eileis and Printers of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Comnvtt?e- on resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to ®Sea consider of l'o much of certain Acts, made in the 35th i.ifurance. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Sea Policies of Insurance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

7 C Ordered,

jitized by U

o

o CV

Junu.

A. 1802.

Fi'VritM, See.

h »l,^ficrrrd. (Lxr*» :/lg Laws.)

r>ni <v r*r-.

plvirp Dublin n-rh Piix.Wa-ter, iluci red.

F'ii reSetting t^e L*'.en Mi.i t.cune ot inland, UeJt.rcd.

Irish Yeomanry Corps Bill, palFed.

Fill for dividing Lotte 17 Tickets in Ireland into Siiares, ordered.

9 — IO

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon flie bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries; and to continue so much of an Act of the 61 h Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that l'urpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refol c itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrbffed) to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to " be raised by Lotteries," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to require Persons, licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets: And that Mr. Mr. Corry,

Mr. Wickham, and Mr. Hen Alexander, do prepare,

andbiing in, the fame.

And then the House, having continued to lit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on 7'hi erf lay Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 o* die Junii j

Anno 42s Georgii III*1 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Bodenham doling, the Common Fields and Common Mea- I"1c,)_<^ure clows in the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Lord George Thyme do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and en- Dunchurch larging the Powers, of Four several Acts, passed in the and Stone-10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Biufpaffed? the First, in the 13th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Hoad from Dunchurch to Stcnebi idge, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George A11gv.fi us William Shuckburgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lichfield for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions Prebendary's of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Frees, otherwise committed. Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pa",'s.Estate for veiling Part of the Estates devised by the Will of committed. John Paul, Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Ul'cs and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucefie; and for veiling the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies to arile by such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne of Lancajliire, Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Newton the Common or Wade, situate in the Manor of Newton, Fcloiurj Bin, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third passed'

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion

A2 Geo. III. to6 Junii,559

Report on A Motion being made, That the Report, which, tipon Medwny Na- t]ie 2Cj [);ly Qf this lnstant June, was made from the further con- ' Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, Cdered. path-cl in the 32c! Year of His present Majesty's Reign, fur improving the Navigation of the River from the Town of Manthrough the several Pari flics of Mud-: one, Barley,' Al/ington, and Ay Ieif or d, in the County of Kent, and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confederation.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon Thursdayla it, pursuant to the Standing Order of

the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Confederation.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being leverahy read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in go >lll d.

s

Member Ji- Or Jered, That Mr. I!rife\ do make the Report from retted to re- the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Consideration of the Increal'e of their Expences, and as a Howard for the due Execution of their Office, was committed.

Bill to con- The lloule was moved, That an Aift, made in the Kehctot*21 ft car of Reign of King Henry the Eighth, in-ritu'-d Prrions, tituled, " Spiritual Persons abridged from having Plu-c. ordered. " ralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, See." might be read.

o #

And the same was read accordingly.

The 1 louie was also moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

" An Act touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiasllical Livings with Cure," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The 1 louie was also moved. That an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, to stay Proceedings in Actions under the said Statute of King Henry the Eighth, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, the said Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament; and also to stay, fur a Time to be limited. Proceedings in Actions under the said Act of the 13d! Year of the lleign of Queen Elizabeth: And that Mr. Dirk inf on, Mr. Sir

liam Scott, and Mr. Gregor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on BUI Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Rernhtion of ^ur,''L‘r Consideration the Report from the Committee of the tmi; of the whole 1 louie, to whom the Bill for the further Re-liest^n^ar Ku'ilt'on l'r‘^s of Controverted Elections, or Re-

ti.cr couiijer- turns of Members to fine in Parliament, and for expect. diting the Proceedings relating thereto, was committed,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bili, for permitting the Counsel and Parties to withdraw, as soon as the Lift of Forty-nine Names shall be completed.

And the said Clause was Twice read ‘, and, upon the Question ptit thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing, that when there are more than Two Parties on d; Hindi Interests, the Thirteen Members returned to the House shall not chuse their Nominees until after the other Committees, chosen that JDay, shall have been sworn.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, T: at the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, Report on to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, ^'aing'eftai-and Commons of the City of London, in Common Coun- blishing of cil assembled; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had also examined the Matters contained in the said Petitions, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, from the Evidence produced to them, That the Corporation of the City of London have not established or exercised any Jurisdiction, at any Time, over the Lands which now belong to the Grand Junction Canal Company at Paddington.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Allegations contained in the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, charging the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal with having obtained the Act, pa field in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution cer-

O 4 O

" tain Articles of Agreement made and entered into " between Beilby Lord Bishop of , Thomas Wood,

" Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and " hope, Esquire, Sir John Morjhead, Baronet, and Dame

" Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert ThiJUethwaite, Esquire,

" and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors " of the Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned,") — ‘ very irregularly, improperly,

and by Surprize,' have not been proved, and are unfounded.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Allegation in the said Petition of the City of London, dating that the Privileges of the City have been infringed under the Authority of the said Act, hath not been proved.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill Hull Docks for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the' BiJ1»

14th

Petition of Maitlters of Gloucester, rt fpcdir.g the jilt king of Milt.

fnmnsr: Fee* H ii, reported.

io° Junii. . A. 1802.

14th Year of the ltcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and ellablifiling public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston- upon - Hull; for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Cuf- toms, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the " Port of Kingst on - upon - Hnil; for making a Baton or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other 44 W orks, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands be- longing to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necefiury Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hu/lf' and also for making an additional Baton or Dock at Kingston-tipon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber, and for granting certain Hinds belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works, be now read the Third Time;

Lord Viscount Cajilcrcagh (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the 1'knciir of Commerce in the Port of Kingston- upon-lhdl; for making Batons or Docks, with Rcler- voirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Ac- conimodaiion of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain 1 antis belonging to His Majesty, 44 and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His 4fc Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for those Pur- poles; and for establishing other neceilliry Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hu/ly with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber-> and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Peter Levcrfage, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceiving by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet any Grain making into Malt, after taken out of the Cistern, until the End of Twelve Days, are apprehensive such Regulation will be prejudicial to the proper making of Malt: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. IViglex, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Fees and Allowances to Coroners, in Conlkleration of the increale of their Expences, and as a Reward for the due Execution of their Office, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in Lis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question levmi'y put thereupon, One of them was dilagrecd to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

And a Motion bft'.g made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grOilvd;

The House divided.

T he Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, .

rn m /» , 1 x'- t Mr. &/azv Lefevi e,

lellers for the Noes, J , / ,

(Admiral Berkeley:

So it passed in the Negative.

's-

J.V

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conllder further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seventy Thou land Men be employed for the Sea Service, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 1Sth Day of June 1802, including Fourteen Thousand Mariners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Six Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages for the said Seventy Thousand Men, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 1Sth Day of June 1802, at Thirty-seven Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred Thirty-one Thousand Pounds, be granted to Mis Majesty, for Victuals for the said Seventy Thousand Men, for Seven Lu nar Months, commencing the 18th Day oijune 1802., at Thirty-eight Shillings per Ma\\ per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four Hundred and Seventy Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said Seventy Thousand Men are to serve, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th Day of June 1802, at Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said Seventy Thousand Men are to serve, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th Day of June 1S02, at Five Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, not exceeding Seventy Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety-nine Effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Sixty -four Thousand Three Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Masters; from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Thirty-nine Thousand and 'Thirty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Mis Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; including the

Charge

'Report

Siipply.

Seamen.

Wages for !>

Victuals for D*

Wear an J Tear of Ship?.

Ordnance for Sea Service.

land Forces.

Guards and Garrison;.

Forces in Ireland.

o

Forr + % in

JPUntations,

Remming for in

I. Jit India.

Ditto.

Recruiting and Continue ncirs for Land Forces.

Ditto.

General and btad" Officers.

Ditto.

42 Geo. III.

Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Hiding Matters; from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sujn, not exceeding Three Hundred Fifty-two Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-four Pounds One Shilling and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations; including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and in New South ll 'des; including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-comqiiffioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Captains and Hiding Matters; from the 25th Day of June 1S02 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclullvc, being 1S3 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Two Hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great , for the'

Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 23th Day of I*larch 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East , from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; and of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That ii is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Suin, not exceeding One Hundred and Seventy-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty-leven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Ilolpitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and 'Pen Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Stall'Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Vol. 57.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; General and That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Eight Hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals; serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of June following; both inclusive, being 92 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Di*te That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Twelve ^hillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals; serving with the Forces in that Part of the.

United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following; both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Superfiijme-That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-l'even Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25 th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto.

That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Two Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive,-being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance* That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Thousand officer*!11 Eight Hundred Fifty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain-, viz. to the Paymaster General, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Mutters, to the Judge Advocate General, and to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D®

That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand One Hun- r«j»nd-dred and Ninety-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying die Charge of the Allowances to the Mutter Matter General, and the other Principal Officers of several Public Departments, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, SubGflenceto That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty innkeepers, Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Al'owin« to That a Suip> not exceeding Sixty Thousand Three j°£^,nfor Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and small Beer, Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

7 D die

io° Junii. A. 1802.

Beduecd Officers, kc.

!hlf Pay, kc to Reduced

*v i»c?i-s in li clmd.

Reduced Oil'll. Ct 5.

H»!f P.ty, 5rc to Reduced O.iicer* in Itd^nd.

Half P iy.

Cheers 'ate in s rvic'C of SutcsGcnerul.

Clu-I*i

Hospital.

K'!-r. ,:-:!utn Ho.pit.li.

the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's I.and Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Small Beer; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private'Men, while on a March, in that Part of the United Kingdom, from the 25th Day of blank 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, bofth inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thou land and Thirty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Two Hundred and Twelve Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Forty-four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of June 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six Thousand One Hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day .0(June 1802 to the 24th Day of following,

.botfi inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five Thousand Two Hundred and Five Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Brit if 1 American Forces, from the 25th Day of March 1S02 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven I fundred Fifty-three Pounds Fight Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, from the 23th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty-six Thousand Five Hundred and Eleven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, i>r dilraving the Charge of the In and Out Petitioners of CJte'fea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, from the 25111 Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. not exceeding Twenty-six Thousand One Hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilnainham, and of the internal Expences of the ("aid 1 lolpital, from the 25th Day of 1802

to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, b.ing 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen Thousand One Hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the .25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Fight Hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part'd' the United Kingdom called Iceland, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-two Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corns of Cavalry and Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Britain, from the 25th Day of March 1S02 to the 30th Day of April following, both inclusive, being 37 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called land, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to tire 24th Day of May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Ninety-seven Thousand One Hundred and Eighty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th Day of May 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Thirty-six Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of tire Barrack Department, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th Day of May 1S02 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days.

Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Twenty-one Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds Fourteen SiriJ-lings, be granted to His Majesty, lor defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Britain, from the 25th Day of May 1S02 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days; including the Expence of disbanding several of the said Corps.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds, be granted to l lis Majesty, for defraying the Charge, of the ltoya! Military College for the Year 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the further Expences expected to be incurred in completing the Buildings of the Royal Military Alylum at Chc/fea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen Thousand One Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, °*His Majesty's Forces, in that Part of

the

Willow Pennon >.

Allowances to Widows of Officers in Ireland.

Volunteer

Corps.

D° in Irelands

Barrack

Department.

D> in Ireland.

Foreign

Corps.

Military

College.

Military

Aiyiuui.

Hospital Contingencies in Ireland.

4 2 Geo. Ill* 10° Junii.

the United Kingdom called Ireland; and tfic Charge of

o % ' o

the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the 25th Day of March 1802 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Lin^mce Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Seventy-two Thou land Two Hundred and Sixty-lix Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, fnr the Charge of the Oliice of Ordnance for Land Service, for Six Months, from the ift Day of July to the 3 1 ft Day of December 1802.

Ditto. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen Thousand and Eighty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1 S .0.

Rejllved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Two Timuland Nine Hundred and Seventeen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, lor defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for lxmd Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifry-three Thousand arid Seventy-lix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance Services in Ireland, for Six Months, from the id Day of July to the 3 ill Day of December 1802.

Treasury Bills. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Seventy-two Thousand One Hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Four Hundred and Three Thousand One Hundred and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft* and discharging Treasury Bills that will become clue within the Year 1802.

Infh Journals. Rfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings Sterling Net, being Two Thousand Five Hundred Seventeen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, f,r defraying the Expence of Compiling, Printing, and Binding, the Eighth Volume of the Journals of the f louse of Lords of Ireland, and Index thereto.

Ditto. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence II:!f-penny Sterling Net, being Seven Thousand Five Hundred Thirty-one Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for discharging the Sums remaining unpaid on Account of Printing and Binding Fifteen hundred Copies of the New Edit ion of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland.

Ditto.

Ordmnce K a kcs in lulauJ.

Ditto. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 'Two Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty-tour Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling Net, being Two Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for discharging the Sums remaining unpaid to the Persons employed in preparing a New Edition of the Journals of the 1 louse of Commons of Ireland; for making Indexes to the several Volumes; and a General Index to the whole Work.

For preparing Public Accounts ot Ireland.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Thir-torn Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling, being Three Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to 11 is Majesty, to be paid to Stephen Moore, Eli]uire. Accountant General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and \ o l. 57.

Rating the Public Accounts of Ireland, laid before this House in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Twenty-one counts of Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling, being E-eland.

Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to John Smart,

Esquire, Deputy Accountant General, for his Extraordinary Trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for One Year ending the 5th Day of "January 1S02.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Paynwfler nf That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred Thirty- ^n°kdand.l,eS eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling, being Eight Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Sir John Baronet,

in Consideration of his Attendance, Care, and Expence, in the Office of Paymaster of Corn Bounties in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ex*minntorof That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four P'^),0liounties Pounds Twelve Shillings anu Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Paul Le Bas, Esquire, Exa-minator of Corn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of the said Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Preparing That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Sterling, being reLtive to Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, be IlcUnd' granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Robert,

Esquire, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for Parliament, for One Year ending the 25th Day of March 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto.

That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Rogers Esquire,

First Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in Ireland, for his Extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Eta0* That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Robert Wynne, Esquire, Examinator of Excise in Ireland, for his Extraordinary Trouble and Expence in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, being Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Thomas Haffield, Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his Extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Militia of That Provision be made for defraying the Charge of the lrcLlIul‘

Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for the Year 1802.

The said Rcl'olutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Mutiny Bill, punishing Mutiny and Desertionj and for the better or(Jae<1-Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and the Lord -bervie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, That 1 xave be given to bring B;i!for d!(-in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- PaUifnitut' missioners of llis Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the Housein Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of, the Parliament I louse in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises

and

Committee on ]lill respecting the Linen Manufacture at' Ireland.

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Neutral Ships Bill, committed.

T:>? Lord? have igiced to

Frying Bill.

ISMoxeter arid Newtaifle

Hoads Bill.

i0° J

A. 1802,

and Appurtciuilces thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treal'urer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ire, for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of, the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland .* And that Mr. Carry, Mr. Wickham, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. William Eliot, Sir Stephens, and Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the 3£th, 36th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to the ifl'uing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 loul'e, upon the said Bill.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Sir IVi I Ham Weller Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Port, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein n.uncd; and for reducing the Portage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons i without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enkuging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Alaicfty, for repairing, widening,

and amending, the Roads from the Town of Uttoxdtr to the Town of Newcastle-unilcr±Lyme, anil from Cftfi Bank to Snape Marsh, ami also from Lower Lane 10 Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com ndo^ monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Marion, and within the Manor of Sewerby-cnm-J\Itirton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The loords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, ^-v.ur.SL Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Chellafion, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kt-min--, for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclot'- la^>-u ing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of AV//-ningtOHy in the Parishes of Sv.nningwell and Radley, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Walie Land-, and all other Open and uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of JValheringham, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Goo&rftcw for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, lundry Tracts or IndularcK Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half- ^dmentj( Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderjione, in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wiidmort for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an ^nI,:tl'),jr^ Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen,

" called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lhicofnd and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, (he Parochial or General Allotments let out, or to be let out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compeniaring for tlm Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong; with some Amend* ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire (he Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lrji enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out the Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Dumbs'* Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Dnndas, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments litua'e in Scotland, in the Manner, and upon the Trulls in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords ilefire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for LoH enabling the Right honourable Henry Lord Midgrave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Considera- I

tion of the Improvements made by him, and also for enabling him to charge the same Efhites with Portions for younger Children, when lie shall have made further Improvements, and for other Purports; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Droop's Nit I naturalizing John Abraham Droop; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Right honourable Henry Lord Mid-

grave, kO.

Dundas's Estate Bill, read*

Droop'* Nat. Bill, read.

Committer on Xrish Election* Bill.

Committer oft

Compilation to Comm if-lionets, for Trial of Controverted Elections for Ireland.

Account of Bward of Agriculture, ordered.

42 Geo. III. 10° Juniu

grave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him; and also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Portions for younger Children, when he shall have made further Improvements; and for other Purposes, was read the First 'lime.

Resolved, Tuat the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out the Money anting from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Esquire,

and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase cf Hereditaments situate in Scotland, in the Manner, and upon the Trails, in the said Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rankes do make the Report from Dr. Smyth's the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Ke^ar.f°oa

chad Smyth, M. D. was referred. Account of

Mr. Banket accordingly reported from the said Corn- gU^\'<ceg mittee, That1 the Committee had examined the Matter reported, of the said Petition, which they had directed to be re--ported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Se/Tion.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellm for the

Tellers for the Noes.Jj^/^^, } 1 r.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision for defraying such Expences as maybe incurred by the Appointment of Commissioners and Clerks for executing certain Matters relative to the Trial of Controverted Elect ions, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House wall please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, from the 25th March 1801 to the 25th March 1 So 2.

Vol. 57.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order of Thursday last, "That Leave be given to bring in a Bill oame, " to amend an Act, made in the 13 th Year of the Reign &c. Bill,

" of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain ^charged.

" and amend the severalLaivs now in being, as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill " Game," so far as relates to the Time of killing such " Game in certain Places," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 2d Bill for Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Bbdc'olme "Aft for the better Preservation of the Game in that in New Forest, " Part of Great Britain cdMt&England," might be read. ordered-

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, within the New Forest, in the County of Southampton: And that Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mild-may, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to accept Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to 'avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Vo- Yeomanry lunteer Corps to continue their Services, be now read. ®nd Volunteer

And the said Order being read accordingly; or Ps> P»

The laid Bill wfas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia Readirfg of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in Bill, paired, the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to revive, and further continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on Bill further Consideration the Report from the Committee of

7 E the Soldiers to

5 66

o o

io — ii.

y/. 1802;

txercife

Trades,

further

comiidered.

the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable such Of- An Account of Expences incurred under the Direc- Public ficers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land tions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, Recort,‘* or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or for publishing the Records of the Kingdom: And also, any Corps of Fencible Men, since the 24th Year of His An Account of Expences incurred by Messrs. Population, present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades, was com- and Stratum.in pursuance of an Act of 41 Geo. III. mitted, be now read. for taking an Account of the Population of Great

And the said Order being read accordingly; tain: And also,

The House proceeded to take the said Report into An Account of Expences incurred in Alterations and Houses of ~ Repairs of the Two Houses of Parliament, and of the Pa&"m#ftt*

House of the Speaker of the House of Commons: And

further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to

the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, ' also,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the . Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for j>rest*rving

in New Poreft, vation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game,

presented.

Bill for preventing Smuggling, p relented.

An Account of Expences incurred in the Altera- Soonerfct tions that were necessary on the Change of the Apart- PliCe‘ ments allotted to the Office of Duchy of , in

Somerset And also, An Account of Expences incurred in Repairs of the Fleet Prison Fleet Prison: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for His Sec"*4 Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine :>*mc*s' Sir Henry PauletSt. John Mildmaypresented to the Months, from the 1 ft of April 1802 to the iftof January

House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Prefer- 1803.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimates were read.

The Second of the said Accounts was withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the nth Instant: The other Accounts and Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- That the {kid Accounts and Estimates do lie upon the cording to Order, a Bill to alter, amend, and render Table.

more effectual, an Act, made in the 24th Year of the And Notice being taken, That Forty Members were Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Pre- not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and vention of Smuggling in Great Britain: And the same Forty Members not being present, and it being the n

~ after Four of the Clock;

within the New Forest, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

(No. 90.)

Accounts, See. presented:

Dutch Ships.

Emigrant*.

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Amount of the Valuation of the Dutch Ships which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Sir Mitchell, at the Helder, on the 30th 1799: And

also.

An Account of the F.xcefs, beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Touloneje Emigrants, X'/. Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1801: And also,

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Police Office*.

Prosecution ag.Vmlt Mr. fetratton, See.

Maroons sent to Sierra Leone.

Com mil'* ton uiuier American Treaty.

Journal*.

Journal?, Votes, &c.

11° die Junii;

Anno 420 Georgii IIItU Regis, i8o».

Prayers.

SIR Matthew Bloxam reported from the Committee, Maynard'.

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Oliver Esquire, paired.

An Account of the Excess in the Year ending 5th Barrack Matter General, a Wharf, and certain other January 1802, beyond the Sum limited by the Act 32 Hereditaments, near in the County of Kent,

Geo. III. Cap. 53. as the Annual Charge for the Ex- late the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, pences of the Seven Police Offices: And also, both deceased, was committed; That the Committee

An Account of the Expences incurred in the Prose- had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the cution of George Stratton, Esquire, and others, for de- same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without am* Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at tlite Clerk's Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

RejThat the Bill do pass. Ordered, That Sir Matthew Bloxam do carry the Bill An Account of the Expences incurred in printing to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath the 54th and 55th Volumes of the Journals of the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Honourable House of Commons, with the Indexes "... St

thereto: And also. An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the M<?<W

An Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted to de- 32d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving gin,1 puffed, fray the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Journals of the House of Commons; for printing and Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maid ft one, delivering the Votes; and for printing Bills, Reports, Boxley, Allington, and in the County of Kent; and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, and for the better and more effectually improving the during the present Session of Parliament, including Two Navigation of the said River, was read the Third Time.

Volumes of Population Returns: And also, An ingrossed Ciaule was offered to be add«d to the

S Bill,

1

posing Lord Pigot, and usurping the Government of Fort Saint George, in the F.ajl Indies: And also,

An Account of the Expences incurred by the Leone Company for Maroons, which were sent there from Halijax: And also.

An Account of the Sum that will be wanting to defray the Expences of the Commission under the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty: And also,

42 Geo. III.

n° Junii.

567

Bill, by way of Ryder, to compel the Payment of Sums for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of subscribed. King Henry the Eighth; for abridging Spiritual Persons

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Actions under made Part of the Bill, by way ot Ryder. an Act of the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiastical Livings with posed to be made to the Bill; viz. Cure: And the same was received; and read the First

Pr. 66, 1. 3. To leave out from " advanced " to Time.

" in," in 1. 4. and insert, " or sub- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" scribed for the Purposes of this Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second

Accounts, of Milccllanc* ous Services, to lie 011 the Tablev

Account re I petting Emigrants, &c. withdrawn.

" Act," instead thereof.

1. 6. After " advanced " to insert " or sub-

" feribed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do part: And that the Title be. An Act for repca'ing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Me due ay, from the Town of A Iaidfone, through the several Parishes of

Boxley, Allingtcn, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent;

and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River.

Ordered, That General De do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Accounts and Eilimatcs, which were, Yesterday, presented to the House by Mr. Nicholas

Vansittart(by His Majesty's Command) do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Account of the Excels, beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Emigrants, St.

Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1801, which was, Yedcrday, presented to the House by Mr. Nicholas Vansittart.

Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend Acts for Reduction of National Debt, palfed*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the 26th and 32ft Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts pc.Hod in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second

Mr. Ormsby prefeilted to the House, according to Bill for divid-Order, a Bill to require Persons, licensed to keep xickfwirT Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Ireland into Number of Whole Lottery Tickets: And the same was shares, pre-received; and read the First Time. ente "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing the Rates and French, &e. Duties of Portage upon Letters to and from France and conumttedl* the Batavian Republic, from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ormsby presented to the House, according to Bill to repeal Order, a Bill to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into ported L Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Con-. fumers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

into

pre —

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for sup-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for amending, altering, and ^7j1n|iDublira extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament Water, paired.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Re- now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with

Bill to enable Mariners and Soldiers to exert ife Trades, palfed.

duftion of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the 24th Year

Water; and for making better Provision for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for annulling the Agreement made between the Corporation of Dublin, and the Undertakers of the Grand Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades, be Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

now read.

And the said Order taring read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service,.or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Ma-j :ft\'s Reign, to exercise Trades.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Dichnfonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be

Bill to con-tiav.c Act for

ritual Persons, limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Scc. prclcnuxt Vo L.

57»

made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making Satisfaction to the Undertakers of the said Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 14. To leave out from " Water " to " and, ' in Pr. 10. 1. 9.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title.

be,

Mutiny Bill, ptei'cnted.

Innkeepers Bill, ordered.

Marine Mutiny Bill, pre* iented.

Consideration of Lords Amendments to English Militia Bi:l, deferred.

Bill for ratting a Body of Miners, deferred.

Bill respecting

the Linen Manufact ure of Ireland, reported.

Arc'-'*-'

B \rn *

A.; :cnlfure, pi dented.

S68

be. An Act for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water; and for making better Provision for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Beresford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, and the Lord Glen-bervie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Eliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0/ dere.l, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England-, and for augmenting the Militia.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of " wall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, " during the present War;" and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

irgr< >H'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. George Smith presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, from the 25th gf March 1801 to the 25th of March 1802.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the

A. 1802.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Orders and Instructions that were given to Lieutenant Colonel M‘Neil, when he marched the Troops of the Company into the Gardens of his Highness the Nabob, feme Days anterior to the Demise of his Highness; together with a Copy of all other Orders that were given to that Officer to the Time that he was relieved by Colonel Bowfer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Orders and Instructions that were given to Colonel Bowfer upon his relieving Lieutenant Colonel McNeil in the Command of the Troops stationed in the Gardens of his Highness the Nabob, or their Environs; amd of all other Orders relative to the said Transaction, to the latest possible Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Orders and Instructions respecting the Person of

Taje UlOmerah , and the Families of their late Highneflcs the Nabobs Walajaw (Mahomad Ally) and Umdut ul Omerah, or of any Part of them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letters and Papers of Propositions from Taje ul Omerah to Lord Clive, or to Mr. Secretary Webbe.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letters and Papers of Propositions, &c. from NajebKhan and Juke Ally Khan, the Regents, to Lord Clive and to the Marquis Wel

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Attestations of the Mahomedan Lawyers, and of the Families of the Nabobs Mahomad Ally and Umdut ul Omerah, sent to Lord Clive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between the Company and his Highness the Nabob Mahomad Ally, dated in 1792, commonly called Lord Cornwallis's Treaty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George and Abdul Ally, otherwise called Azim ul Dowlah, and with any Person on his Behalf.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Treaty between the Company and Azim ul Dowlah, dated 31 ft of July 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Declaration of the.Governor of Fort Saint , dated the 31st July 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Governor General to his late Highness the Nabob Umdut Omerah, and which, on the Day of his Demise, was shewn by Messrs. and

Close to the Regents on the 15th of July 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Instructions that were given toMelfrs. Webbe and Close, when, on the 15th Day of July 1 So 1, they proceeded to the Palace of his late Highness the Nabob Omdut ul Omerah, and had an Audience of the Regents

and Taje ul Omerah.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings and Minutes of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any letter or Letters addressed to the Governor in Council by Messrs. Webbe and Close, explanatory of, or relative to, their Proceedings at the Palace of his late Highness, in their lntcrviews or Negotiations with the Regents and Taje ul Omerah.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, on the ligning of the Treaty between the Company and Azim ul Dowlah, and of the Minutes of the individual Members of Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

of

ii° Junii.

Appendix,

(No. 91.)

Papers relative to the East Indies, ordered.

of all the Proceedings of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, on the Subject of the Carnatic, from the Period of the Death of his late Highness the Nabob Omdut ul Omerah to the Elevation of Azim ul to

the Mttfmud.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General and the Governor of Fort Saint , on the same Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letters, or Extracts of Letters, from the Governor General and the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, relative to the Resolution in the Carnatic, and the Assumption of its Government by the Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all the Orders publifried to the Settlement of Fort Saint George, and to the Army, relative to the Treaty

between the Company and Azim ul Dowlah.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Will of His Highness Umdtit ul Omerah.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the reputed Son of the late Nabob of the Carnatic to his Agents.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Bill for dif- M r. Ormjhx presented to the House, according to Order, ririumcn^' a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commit-House in Dub- sioners of His Majesty'sTreasury of Ireland, for the Time lii), presented. being, to lei I, Icilc, convey, or dispose of tho Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

kiny'sMef- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the \nz*n Jtn?*' House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this unity to i.ord House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the HuttUmion, same to t|)C House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having taken into His Royal Consideration the eminent Services performed by Lieutenant General Lord Hutchinson, during the late glorious and fuc-cclsfhl Campaign in Egypt, and being delirous of bellowing upon tnc laid Lord Hutchinson a lignal Mark of His Royal Favour and Approbation, and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said Lieutenant General Lord Hutchinson, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of His Body, to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knock/ofin the County of Tipperary, shall descend, a Net Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds; recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to grant the lame, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity upon the said Lieutenant General Lord Hut chin [on, and the Two next succeeding Heirs on whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson, of Alexandria, and of

lofty, in the County of Tipperary, shall descend, in such Manner as shall be thought moll effectual for the Benefit of the said Lord Hutchinson and his Family.

G. R.

ReJ'ohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take llis Majesty's said moll Gracious Message into Consideration.

The Lords have agreed to

A Message front the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Sir

William Weller Fepys:

VOL. 57.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit British-b\s\\i Ships to carry on the Fisheries in Fisherie*. the Pacific Ocean without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company; without any Amende ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billingsgate for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second g1^ Ma‘ktt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Supplying the Cjties of London " and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present " exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect and encourage " Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale irt the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westminster to remove Doubts as to certain Acts, relating t,o the Ad- g?(j' Met<rs measurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of minster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of-His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wirksworth for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Road B‘u-Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from the Moot Hail, in Wirkfworth, to the Turnpike " Road leading from Derby to Braffing, at, or near to, a " Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland W:rd; and " also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another " Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Poll on Wirksworth Moor, to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place " called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derbywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lord* enable John Skynner, Esquire, and Williams, hap*^^d'

Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James , Estate Bill. Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham, otherwise Tottenhall, in the Parish of Saint Patin as, in the County of late the Ellate of Catherine Whitehead, deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same Copyhold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the l'aid John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Wi to fell or mort-

gage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money ariting the reby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Morgan's enable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, and Charles , Estate Bl11*

Esquire, to grant Leafesof certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, deviled by the Will of the late John Morgan, Esquire; and to enable the said Charles Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates, of which he is Tenant for Life in Possession under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marquis of authorizing Leases to be made of such of the let-tied Estates of the late Moll honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called; to which the

7 F Lords

rcyV>ohm*s Nat. Bill.

Ferry'* Nat. Bill.

Marqilis of Dounihirc's Fit itc Bill, read.

Morgan's F state Bill, J^ad.

EfHmafe of propokd In-crc.ilc of Half Pay to Commission and Warrant Officers, p relented.

jff'fxndiX)

(No. 9a.)

Estimate of Contingent Charges for Ireland, pre fcntccf.

Appendix,

(No. 05.)

„Acrounf. of the Value of Infh Imports ami txforts, i dered.

A* count of Public In-Tome, wi?h-fl'c.s n, aiul anotl er or- red.

57°

A. 180a.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this Holife: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Meybohm; to which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Denis Ferry, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messeng^rs withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing I^eases to be made of such of the settled Estates of the late Most honourable Arthur Marquis of Dovenshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon TuesdayMorning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, and Charles Morgan, Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Will of the late John Morgan, Esquire; and to enable the said Charles M ~an, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery',

to cii u qe the Estates, of which he is Tenant for Life in PoiiJii! >n under the bid Will, with the Amount of the Monies bid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Mai e fly's Command,

An Estimate of the proposed Increase of Half Pay to Commission Officers, and of the proposed additional Pay to Warrant Officers, for Six Months, commencing

lft July 1802.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

AT r. Carry presented to the House, by His Majesty's

Command,

An F.llinutc of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Civil Contingent Charges for the Service of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802.

And the Title of the said Eilirnate was read.

Ordered, 'I liac the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland, in the Year ended 25th March 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Value of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Ireland, exported to Foreign Countries; distinguishing the Value of the Exports to Foreign Countries in Europe from the Value to other Foreign Countries, for the Year ended 25th March 1801.

The House being informed that there were Mistakes in the Account of the Ordinary' Revenues and Extraordinary llcfources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th January 1802, which was presented to the House by Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, upon the 31st Day of May lull;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and another Account presented instead thereof.

The House being informed that Mr. Accounts of

Assistant lnipeclor General of the Imports and Exports jr^import* of Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, amt Exports, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Presenttfd* Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland> in the Year ended 15th March 1801: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Value of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of Ireland, exported to Foreign Countries; distinguishing the Value of the Exports to Foreign Countries in Europe from the Value to other Foreign Countries, for the Year ended 25th March 1801.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 94.)

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (from the Account of Treasury) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Public In-at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ^ne»P,elent‘ Order,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary llcfources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th January 1802; distinguishing England from Scotland-, and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively; distin-guiiliing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collcding the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively; distinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenue of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1801 and 1802 respectively, whether appropriated or unappropriated; and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, Blued for the Public Service, between the Days above-mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to AtpmJix, this Volume. (No. 95.)

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to iupp y* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid on Accounts, Corn, Flour, Meal, and Rice, imported into Scotland i-arred: between 5th January 1802 and 5th April following, fou""es on be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, and which may become due in the Wales. Course of the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

ni, cNc. imported inta Scotland.

Bills from New South

CKl

N‘:i\

‘nary of

y*

Extra Navy.

Tmnfports,

£. c.

Sick Prisoner* of War.

Surplus of

Conibhdated

Fund.

Exchequer Bills.

British

Nluieum*

Turkey

Company*

Board of Agric ulture*

Veterinary

College.

Mr. Edwards.

St. Margaret* Church.

Yeomanry

Corps.

42 Geo. III. 11° Jumi.

571

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buiklings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, which will become payable between the 18th June 1802 and 31st December following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the iStli of June 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing the Amount of the Sum wanting to complete £.$,100,000, granted out of the Monies that shall arile from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1801, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Com mi flionets of I lie Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer " Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such " Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by " Parliament, lor the Service of the Year One thousand M Eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Calli or Bullion, to be remitted Abroad on Account of Foreign " Subsidies or Services Abroad," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the

British Mifcum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered \That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Edwards, of Pall Mall, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, the Vellry of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Yeomanry Corps of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Vol. 57.

:'Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies Account of given for the Service of the Year 1801, have been difr Disposition of posed of; distinguished tinder their several Heads, lo far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the' Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itlcif into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Petition of Merchants trading to Africa, was presented to the House, Atncan^Com-and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been {Leave to preprevented from presenting a Petition to the House for fenta Petition. Assistance to enable them to support their necessary Expences, in consequence of their not having received His Majesty's Consent theteto before the Time appointed for receiving Private Petitions had elapsed; And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to present a Petition for that Purpose.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Cir- Leave given, cunastances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the Committee of the Company of Petition Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- p‘eie»»tc«l. fented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1800, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer; and that, in Consideration of the various Expences to which the Establishments in Africa are fub-ject having risen to a very great Degree, and the Prices of the Articles necessary for the Maintenance thereof having so much advanced, that it was found impossible to keep the Forts in any tolerable Degree of Security with the former Annual Supply, the same Grant not producing at present much more than One Half of what it formerly yielded, the House granted to the Petitioners, in the last Session, the Sum of £. 20,000; and that the same Inconveniencies still exist in their full Force: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such adequate Sum, for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

the

A. 1802*

Duties of Cultoins on certain Articles, to he considered*

Alliance on Salt for curing Pilchards, to be conJulered.

Duties on Iiurr Stones, &c. imported, to he considered.

Acts respect-in^ the lile of JVlan, to be considered.

Y ikou racing the Whale t ithrrv from Miitord H.l-Ten, to he coniidcred.

572 11° Junii.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods " imported into, and exported from, Great , and

" on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards " or Inwards, in any Port of Great Britain, to or from " Foreign Parts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Management of the " Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; and for " repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting " other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties " thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Allowance of Salt for curing and preserving Pilchards or Scads.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of " Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble," might be read.

And the time being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve i tie If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Burr Stones and Paving Stones imported from GuernJ'ey, 'ferfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Great Britain.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade " and Manufactures of the Isle of Rian; for improving " the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Istand," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight " hundred and Two, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further " Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the " Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof; " and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions " of the said Act," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for further encouraging, and regulating, " the Southern Whale Fisheries," mip'ht be read.

J . o

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 3Sth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further encouraging the Southern " Whale Fisheries," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, 0

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to encouraging Foreigners to settle at Rlilford Haven, for the Purpose of carrying on the Whale Fiftiery.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Five Account. of Books of Accounts, which were presented to the House BaiaucL — d upon Wednesday last, by Mr. Crofton (Chief Clerk of the Ireland, to be Treasury in Ireland) be printed, as shall be sufficient for Pnnted> the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee o» resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, S,1II" upon the Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander, reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for pre-Reading of the Bill for the better Preservation of Heath G^,m"Sin New Fowl, commonly called Black Game, within the New Fordt.com-Forest, in the County of Southampton, be now read. nmted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report o -whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so policies* ' much of certain Acts, made in the 35th Year of the ini'unuv , Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Sea Policies of Insurance, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, where the Premium actually given or contracted for shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every £. 100 insured by any Policy of Insurance, One Half of the Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, granted by an Act, passed in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also One Half of the additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, granted by an Act, passed in the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Insurance shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged upon every Insurance, where the Premium actually given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every f. 100, or any fractional Part of f. 100 insured, the like Duties as

are

are payable by the said Acts upon Insurances where the Premium actually given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings/wr Centum on the Sum in lured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Four Shillings, granted on every Policy of Insurance in Ireland, shall ceale and determine.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, Part of the Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and also the additional Duty of One Shilling, which were granted on Sea Insurances made in Ireland, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall not be charged on any Insurance of Ships or Merchandize for any Voyage to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, or the Wands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, where the Premium for any Sea Insurance shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every £.too inlured, One Half of the Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence, grant d by an Act, passed in the 40th Year of the Reign of Ills present Majesty, and also One Half of the addi ional Stamp Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, oti such Insurances, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Sea Insurance made in Ireland, where the Premium actually given, or contracted lor, Hull not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every ft. 100, or any fractional Part of 100 inlured, the like Duties as are payable upon Insurances where the Premium actually paid shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings on the Sum inlured.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

O . _ __

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Two first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Hi/ey Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ke-comniitted Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the the match11"2 w ^c H°u(e> to whom the Bill for altering the Period up'of tenain of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, di-Accnuntt, redted to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th

reported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was re-committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Augments- whole 1 louse, to whom it was referred to consider of an to°L^rd ci-an- Augmentation to be made to the Salary of the Lord cei'orof Ire- High Chancellor of Ireland, be now received.

, and' Air. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same waas read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for enabling the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, more effectually to

VOL.57.

support the Dignity of the said Office, and the Expence necessarily attending the fame, the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland be authorized to direct, from Time to Time, a Sum to be issued at the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, which, together with the Salary and Profits belonging to the said Office, may amount to the Net Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds Sterling -per Annum, being Ten Thousand Eight Hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Currency.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Corry, and Mr. Wickham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported R«port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it to°Coirrm1* n was referred to consider of making Provision for defray- sioners, &c. ing such Expences as may be incurred by the Appoint- '

ment of Commissioners and Clerks for executing certain Elections for Matters relative to the Trial of Controverted Lied ions, lieland-or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.That Provision be made, out of the Consolida.ed Fund of Ireland (if necessary) for defraying such Expences as may be incurred by the Appointment of Commissioners and Clerks for executing certain Matters relative to the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Instruction.-of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, purfoant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That Air. Nicholas Vanfittartdo make the iikof Do^s Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Road,*gam

\ . 1 1 re-committe dL

making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintain- Bill, reported, ing, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Dockf, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also, for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road, to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into, and along Little Aylie Street and Great Aylie Street, into, and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aldgale High Street, in the City of London, was again re-committed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several . other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

7 G Ordered,

o cy

11 juntu

A. 1802.

Ordered, That the faitl Bill he read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Bil! r?fpc£t!ng Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for repealing Aliens, puled, several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read the Third Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing l'everal Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Fisheries, &c. Bill.

(Expiring

Laws.)

Committee on Bill for Ike.f-ing additional Hackney Coaches.

Bill for preventing Smuggling, committed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue lo much of an Act of the 6th Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention ol Smuggling in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this 1 loute will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the Reign of His present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, as relate to the Duties on Horses let to Hite for a longer Period of Time than

Two Days.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Corpmittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Exemption 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, i{dj"‘s u"^ °0fr " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Draining, to " Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in, or imported into, be C0Illj‘iued Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as exempts Tiles, made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, from the Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Eltch-,"s consider further of the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhousetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

1

Ordered, That the Bill for the trying and pun idling, Bill for trying

in Great Britain, Persons holding public Employments, offences*^ for Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Abro.nl, Provisions of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign committed, of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to fife Custody, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

11.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MeyboWs itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider for naturalizing John Meybohm, was read the Firil Time. Kar'c'a^il‘ of so much of certain Acts, made in the 23th Year of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

42 Geo. III. n0 —

Ferry's Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, read. for naturalizing Gabriel Denis , was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Perry's Estate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, read. to enable John Skynner , Esquire, and Charles hams., Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry, Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham, otherwise Tot ten-hall, in the Parish of Pancras, in the County of hliddlesex, late the Estate of Catherine Whitehead, de-ceated, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same Copyhold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising the reby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance an 1 Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be ncccUury, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fti'iipDuties Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-fc'os1;1'" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole B. i, eut . j.joupc> Upon the Bill for allowing a further Time for damping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty.

10 Junii. 575

in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers,

Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ap- Appendix to* pendix to the Report, which was made from the Com- Dr.Anyth'. mittee, to whom the Petition of James Carmichael Smyth,. Petition, to M D. was referred, be printed, as shall be sufficient for be Pnnted-the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrolFed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Folkton, &c. ing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Tow'nship of Folk-ton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East and Wft Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Carr Lands,

Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Folkton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East Flotmanby and West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill, respett-

ing Import, Arc. of Coffee into Ireland, and Malt Lictnct s, deferred.

Committee on

Report

nipt61 ing the Duty on Pn, K;r, deterred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of lbs patent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " tt.e Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing " the Duties payable thereon and also for securing the Duties payable on I.icences to Perl'ons in Ireland (not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission, or otherwise.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Booksellers and Printers of the Cities of London and whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Bill to permit A Bill for permitting the Exportation of Wheat and the Exporta- other Articles from the Ports of Southampton and tl°from >CJt mouth to the 111 and s of Jersey, and Alderney;

Southampton for preventing the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain in the same Ship in which it shall be imported; committed, and for empowering Collectors and Comptrollers, or Principal Officers of the Customs, at the Out Ports, to administer Oaths in all Cales relating to the Revenues of Customs, was, according to Order, read a Second 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ExciseRcgu- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to deferred'11' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ' the Bill lor exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods im-♦ ported in any British Ship lrom any Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of Vol. 57.

Shares, committed*

Sabbat iy 12° die Junii;

Anno 420 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Bill foe

Second Reading of the Bill to require Persons, li- Lotte1"® censed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Tickets, in Shares a certain Number of Whole Lottery Tickets, be Ireland* now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole '

House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to repeal

Reading of the Bill to repeal the additional Duty of Six 01*

Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Im- imported into

portation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Re- Ireland» ,

1 , r J committed,

tailers or Conlumers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said' Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for Reading of the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, fheParim°f or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, merit House for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of in Dublm^ the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the c0mmiU<

Premises

Dill to continue Act for Ke!ict of Spiritual Person-;, Sic. commiUttl.

C ommirte- on King's Mcl-lage for granting an Annuity to Lord Hutchinson,

I r»th Chancellor's Salary ii.il, piclcnted.

Bill respecting ttie nuking up ot certain Accounts, passed.

C* >tnmit11 e on Kuncli, wecc. Fotfage Dill.

576 120 Junii. A. 1802.

Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of , be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for haying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of l'erms; and also to hay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Beneliccs and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed.

R shed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most gracious Alcftage of Yesterday, for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds to Lieutenant General Lord Hutchinson, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body, to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson of andria, and of Knock/ofty, in the County of Tipperary, shall defeend, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wickham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wickham reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcal'e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cony presented to the IIoulc, according to Order, a Bill for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for altering the Period of making up the Accounts of the Public Revenue, directed to be laid before Parliament by an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Rfohed, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Ufc.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, refohed itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Pottage upon Letters 3

to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to London, and fqr granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wickham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Wickham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tuttoms on consider of so much of an Act, made in this present certain Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Blub- Articlea> her, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Air. Hobhouse do make the Report from Report the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- SuPP'y-ferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Six Hundred Seventy-six Thousand and Eighty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to complete the Sum of Three Alii lions One Hundred Thousand Pounds, granted out of the Monies that should arile from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To disch.ir.Te That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Sixty-six Thou- Exchequer sand Four Hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for paving off, and discharging, the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury to illuc Exchequer Bills, to " a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or " Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Eight " hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company " of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion,

" to be remitted abroad on Account of Foreign Sub- tidies, or Services abroad," outstanding and unprovided for.

Amount

42 Geo. III.

12° Junii.

in

Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, and which may become due in the Course of the Year 1802.

Bounties on ReJ'ufced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, scotUmT in That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two Thousand and Eighty-two Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum paid for Bounties on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into to the 5th Day

of April i8oz.

Scotth Roads. Rcfulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1802.

Board of Rcfived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Atneuiiure. That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to II is Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1S02.

Veterinary Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Colley. That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the Year 1802.

Briiifli Refol ved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Muicum. That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the Brit if/Mvfeitm to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

Turkey Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Company. That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Mr. Edwanli. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand One Hundred and Eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to 11 is Majesty, to be paid to Mr. James for the

like Sum advanced by him towards the Loan for the Year 1795, and which became forfeited to the Public, by accidentally omitting to make the future Payments, sierra Leone. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, be granted to I lis Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra for One Year, to

the 31 ft Day of December 1802.

St. Mir-aret's Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Church. That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of completing the Repairs to the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, trim Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, \eoimnry. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty Thousand Pounds Sterling, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Charge of Yeomanry in Ireland, from the 25th Day of May to the 24th Day of December 1802.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report Ways Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported and Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Surplus yf Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, £mui°.1'U*lt<' That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Yol. 57.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum remain-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Queen' jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Ninety- Portugal, nine Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year 1801, for enabling His Majesty to afford such Assistance to the Queen of Portugal as might enable her Majesty to take such Measures lor the Defence of her Dominions against her Enemies as the Exigencies of Adairs might appear to require.:

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Pybus, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Pybus, Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart,

and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the »

fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instruaion. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon the First of the said Resolutions, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to amend the Laws Manufacture for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in of Ireland, Ireland, be now read. passed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Me of Dog* Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a convenient Carriage Road, to be called The Commercial Road, from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with the Pavement in a certain Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel-, and also a Branch or short Cut from the said Road to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; and also for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages from the End of the said Road, to, along, and through Church Lane, or Church Street, into, and along Little Aylie Street and Great Street, into, and through Somerset Street, into Whitechapel High Street, in the said County of Middlesex, and Aid-gate High Street, in the City of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a Road from the WJl India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, and

7 H for

Cmnmittee on Allowance on 5*a!t for curing Pilch-irds.

Committee on

Bin for trying Person* for OHences committed Abroad.

Tortoln Free Port Bill, pre fented.

t ‘vttmittecon b m^* on Burr Mone % Str. imported.

12° J

A. 1802.

for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with , in the Parish

of Saint June, all in the county of ; for open-

ing, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Paf-lages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of,

into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Allowance of Salt for curing and preserving Pilchards or Scads, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the trying and punishing, in Great Britain, Persons holding public Employments, for Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to lafc Custody, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola: And the farad was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Duties on Burr Stones and Paving Stones imported from Guernsey, Jersey , Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

8

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- unfunded* count of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, out- Debt in Ex-standing on the 5th of June Instant; distinguishing by Bill*»

what Acts raised, and on what Funds charged; together or ere ' with an Estimate of the probable Sufficiency of the said Funds.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Horse* let to was referred to consider of lb much of certain Acts, made Hire, in the 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to the Duties on Horses let to Hire for a longer Period of Time than Two Days, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that the Period for which Horses may be let to Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty, should be enlarged.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. HU eyAddington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instru£Uo*. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill,

That they do make Provision therein for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses,

Servants, and Carriages.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to . Order, reported Bill*?r from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the additional Bill to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Hackney Coaches, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Neutral ship* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bi,1»rePorte<1* Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the 35th, 36th, and 391I1 and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Once

42 Geo. III. 12° Junii.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Fisheriej, &c. Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported-^'(Expiring from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the L»w».) Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, several Acts, passed in the 26th, 27th, 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries; and to continue so much of an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Lords have agreed to,

Sill respecting Apprentices at Cotton and other Factories.

Field Crops, Bill.

Fill for Allowances to OtHcers of Militia of Ireland.

Bradford Canal Company's Estate Bill.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Sir

William Weller Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second, as relates to the preventing " the Healing or destroying of Turnips, and for the " more effectually preventing the dealing or destroying " of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parfmps, Pease, and " Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trulls, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain; without any Amendment: And also.

Flixton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inilowre Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton, otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the Fail Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Vo L. 57.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saxelby for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving, the DSnwwBii?. Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Pari lit of Saxeiby, in the county of 'Lincoln, and Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham, Esquire, with Paulina Lushington his now Wife, and to enable him to Divorce Bill, marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of Buck-effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the County U'|''^m^V,re s of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckingh, deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates; and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl, in the same County, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrofiul Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ®?nham'* to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham, Esquire, with readT* 1 ' Paulina Lushington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the S

County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckinghamshire, read* deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates; and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl, in the same County, and laying out the Monies thenoe arising in planting certain Parts thereof, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Morion f?T. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obliging oUrfeer*, °S Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, on Oath, to withdrawn, certain Questions, specified therein, relative to the Sum raised in each Parish under the Name of the Poor.

Rate.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny Bill, the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, comnutted* was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Mu-Marine Forces while on Shore, was, according to Order, c^udtted. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Motion fo/. Sixth Session of the First Parliament of Scotland, in the jn'? Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling ol School mailers,

M n 1 1 it 1 . 1 1 to be conll-

" Schools, might be read. dered in 3

And Committer.

A. 1802.

120 Junii.

Inrtkeeper*

Bill,

p relented.

Lords Ameiulments to St. Giles's (Cambridge) Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Petitions of Maltsters of Llldmcre, respectng the making of Malt.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for bettering the Condition of the School-masters in Scotland, as regulated by the said Act;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Sub* fistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and ' inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 15. Leave out from " deducted " to " And," in Pr. 29. 1. 37.

Pr. 47. 1. 13. After " Tenants" insert "provided " the Parties cannot otherwise agree " respecting the fame."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Maltsters, resident in the Town of

Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and its Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, no Malt (ter, or Maker of Malt, is to wet any Grain making into Malt, after taken out of the Cistern, until the Knd of Twelve Days, on Penalty of £. 200; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Restriction will prove very detrimental not only to the Maltster, Trader, and Public in general, but to the Revenue: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the to*\viMmuirV Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Km inclosure. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more eff'Ve-a 'to fectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain

" Fen, called U iI dm ore Fen, in the County of and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments let out, or to be let out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong.

And the said Amendments tvere read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 14. I.33. After "Allotments" insert "except

" the Allotments made, or to be

" made, to the Pari lhcs of

" Horncaflle, Kirkflead, Fish-

" and and the Hamlet or Place of "

Leave out " whatsoever."

& 9-i

1. 28. Leave out " Time " and insert " Term."

Pr. 23. 1. 16. Leave out " on" and insert " in."

Pr. 27. 1. 9. Leave out "every" and insert " any."

Pr. 29. 1. 8. In the Interlineation, leave out " ex* " onerated" and insert " discharged."

1. 16. Leave out "exonerated" and insert " discharged."

Pr. 30. I. 37. Leave out " exonerated" and insert " discharged."

Pr. 31. 1. 19. In the Interlineation, leave out " exonerated" and insert " discharged."

Pr. 37. 1. 5. After " Writing " insert " except " the Pari Hies and Places last mentioned."

Pr. 57. 1. 19.7 After " Successors" insert " and to &20.3 " all and every other Person and " Persons whomsoever."

1. 22. After " whatsoever" insert " other " than such as are meant and intended to be barred and dellroyed " by this Act."

1. 30. After Majesty " insert " or any " other Person or Persons Whomsoever."

1. 35. After " Successors" insert " or any " other Person or Persons whomsoever."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fields, Half-Year or Shack-Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderflone, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 8. In the Interlineation, leave out "Whole* " Year Lands."

1. 13. Leave out " Whole-Year Lands."

1. 23. In the Interlineation, leave out " WholeYear Lands."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, within the Nezv Forest, in the County of Southampton, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Honywood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Honyivood reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The

Lords Amendments to Gooder-itone Inclosure Bill, agreed to,

Committee on Bill for preserving Black Game in New Forest.

Bill to prevent I>eer Stealing, ordered.

National Debt ( c 2GO, OCO) Bill, ordered.

Committee on Aci s roKil-ing the I he of Sdan.

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Bid to prevent J>etr ttealing, presented.

Irdh Bank-ru:>t Bill, oidtred.

42 Geo. III.

The Ilotife was moved, That an Act* made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more esfeclually to prevent the stealing of " Deer; and to repeal several former Statutes made for " the like Purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, more efTedually to prevent the Healing of Deer: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Sir Henry St.

may, and Mr. Shaw Lefevre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Seventeenth of the Refutations which, upon the 5th Day of last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followed);

" Refolded, That the Sum of Two 1 lundred Thousand " Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of

" the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National " Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said. R; foiut ion: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. Hi ley Addington, anti Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of certain Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. He nry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the 1 louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. lienrvAlexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue ti c laid Acts, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the said Acts, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Hi'ey Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bid more efTedually to prevent the ft lulling of Deer: And the same was received; and read the Fu ll Time.

Kefolvsd, 'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tucflay Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The I louse was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, "An Act " for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts in Ireland: And that Mr. H.nry Alexander, Mr. Ormjhy, and Mr. Serjeant

jMoore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

V'OL. 57.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oxi Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much the'vviiale S of certain Acts, made in the 35th and 38th Years of the Fishery from Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to encouraging Foreigners to settle at Milford Haven, for the Purpose of carrying on the' Whale Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr-. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter, Ril1 for pre- . amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the smuggfing.

24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the:

fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much Exemption of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His tws uYedfar present Majesty, as exempts Tiles, made for the foie Pur- draining, pose of draining wet or marlhy Lands, from the Payment -of Duty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the committee on whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made Report re-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Book-fellers and Printers of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday-' \

Alorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday |

Morning, Ten of the Clocks j

1

1

7 1 I

The Lords luve palFcd

Cole's Name BiM

Innkeepers

Bill,

committed.

Cole's Name BjII, read.

Lords Amendments to English Militia Bill9 coulidered.

Referred to a St 1 ret Commute.

f omrr.ittre on Mutiny Bill.

14° Ju

A. 1802;

Luna, 14* die Junii;

Anno 42* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1801. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggia to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Sokliers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, railing a Body upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th of Miner*. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties " of Cornivall and Devon, for the Defence of the King-u dom,' during the present War;" and for the more effectually raising and' regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Gascoynetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrolltd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward C, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of May 1757, and of the subsequent Proceedings of the House, in Relation to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee; and that they do report to the 1 loulc what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Steele, the Lord Glcnbcrvie, Mr. Stanley, the Lord Hawkesbury, Sir

William Heath cote, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Howard, Mr. Gregor, Sir William Lemon, General Gascoyne, Lord Viscount Be‘/grave, Sir William E/ford, and all the Knights for Shires: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I louse resolved itlclt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'flic I ord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, MuUny Bill, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hundai'* for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out the Eftat«.BilI, Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain comuuued‘ Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Esquire,

and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments, situate in Scotland, in the Manner, and upon the Trulls, in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -fiore, Mr. William Dundas, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A(51 BcrmtfWth* for veiling certain Trull Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, of which John Beardfwor Esquire, and committed.

Thomas Williams, Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs, Esquire, and George Burley, Gentleman, w^s read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Shore, Sir John Hollywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lord Mul-for enabling the Right honourable Henry Lord Eftat®

to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Con- committed, lideration of the Improvements made by him; and "also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Pof-tfons for younger Children, when he shall have rpade

further

Petition of

M.dtfters of L«tcel ter, rcipeeing the making of Mull

Report on

arum re - c om -nutted Bill to amend London Port /\ct, further coniidcied.

Bill for

Jicenling

additional

ilackney

Coaches,

p-dltd.

Neutral SI ips Bill, paiud.

further Improvements; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lr.jcelies, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of thp Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto l'ublcribed, being the Maltsters, and Traders in Matt, of the Town of Lein the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Clause in an Act, palfed in this present Session of Parliament, forbidding any Malt tier to wet Grain in any Stage of Operation, after it has been taken from the Cistern, until the Expiration of Twelve Days, under a Penalty of £. zoo, has had the Effect of flopping, in a great Meal'ure, the Trade of Malting in the County of Lciccsler:And therefore praying, That such Amend-

ments and Alterations may be made in the said Act, as to the House may seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 3d Day of this Inllant "June, was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering V more commodious, and for better regulating, the " Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the UrejlIndia Dock Company thereby elLblished, was again rc-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Confaleration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon IVednfdaylaft, pursuant to the Standing Order of

the Home of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question l'evcraily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing, that the Act shall not deprive Officers of the Revenue of their Fees on Goods exported.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refilled. That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

Ordered, That M r. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for repealing several Acts, made in the 35th, 36th, and 39th and 40th Years

Voi.. 57.

of the Reigli of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships* and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the First Day of January One thouGmd Eight hundred and Four.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, several Acts, palfed in the 26th, 27th, 35th, and 39th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue so much of an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive a,nd continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Four, ana to amend, several Acts, palfed in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth, and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue, until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, lb much of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreigrt Wrought Silks and Velvets.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobhouse, according to Order, reported from the

Committee , of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of v Merchants

Fisheries, Arc.- Bill, palfed. (Expiring Laws.) '

Bill for coltv foiidating Acts for Redemption of" Land Tax, deferred.

Bill for further Regulation of the Trials of

Controverted

Election*,

deferred.

Report on Duties of Customs on ce t un Articles.

584 I4*

Merchants of England trading to the East the

Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted, by an Act of this Session of Parliament, on Blubber, on Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas; on Linen Yam made of Flax; and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged or secured, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Blubber, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Train Oil, Filli Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, not other-wile enumerated or described in an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, ifnported into Great Britain.

The said Resolutiotis being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to oy the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hob house, Mr.

fit tail, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Mr. Hobkoife, according to Order, reported from the

!t torcuring Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Pilchards. to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Allowance of Salt' for curing and preserving Pilchards or Scads, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PI ace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowance of Suit granted by the said Act, for curing and preserving Pilchards and Scads, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, TItnt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds of line Salt be allowed for every Cask or Vessel containing Fifty Gallons of Pilchards or Scads, cured and preserved.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting from rlie Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any Briti/k Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and f curing the Duties of Excite on Wine, Homemade Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Dutie s of Excite, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

on Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported a from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

T ic \V li.ilt _ _ . 7

HtVrytrom was referred to consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the 35th and 3Sth Years of the Reign of His *'cn' pr.ieat Majesty, as relates to encouraging Foreigners to

Junil. A. 1802.

settle at Milford Haven, for the Purpose of carrying on the Whale Fishery, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the> Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that so much of the said Acts as relates to the encouraging Foreigners to bring their Ships or Vessels to the Port of Milford, for the Purpose of carrying on the Whale Fishery, should be amended.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Van/it tart, and Mr. Hiley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Wickham, according to Order, reported from the French, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Rates and Duties of Pottage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, W'as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report from from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ^"1>n0"lt^e on was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the spe&in the 22d Day of March last, was made from the Committee, J^uty on to whom the Petition of the Booksellers and Printers of aper* the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read rn his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties of Customs and Excise now payable on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, Glazed Paper, and Books, Maps, and Prints, imported into Great Britain (except the Duties of Customs on Books,

Maps, and Prints, imported into Great Britain) \ and on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, and all Drawbacks and Allowances now payable thereout, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoifc of Paper of the First Clals or Denomination (not being Paper of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland) imported into Great Britain, a Custona Duty of One Shilling and One Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Paper of the Second Class or Denomination (not being Paper of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland) imported into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of Sixpence Farthing.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, '

That

u.

4.2 Geo. III.

That there be charged upon fevery One hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotprefiers (not being of the Manufacture of, and imported from, Ireland) imported into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of Two Pounds and Two Shillings.

JRefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That there be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir-tlupoife of Paper of the First Class or Denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in , and imported

directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged Upon every Pound Weight Avoirs dupoife of Paper of the Second Clals or Denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in \ and imported

directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Pasteboard made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of One Pound and One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotprefiers, and of Millboard and Scaleboard, made in Great , or

made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of One Pound and One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Books, whether bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an Excise Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Paper of the First Class or Denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, a Drawback of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Paper of the Second Class or Denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, a Drawback of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed upon every One hundred Weight ©fPafteboad, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotprefiers, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, a Drawback of One Pound and One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed upon every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife of Books, in perfect and complete Sets, and of Ruled Account Books, whether bound or unbound, which shall be printed or ruled on Paper of the First Class or Denomination, and for which no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall have been paid, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, a Drawback of Three Pence.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Lord George Thyme, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. Ililcy Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 57.

Mr. Wickham, according to Order, reported from the Report*

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred for.

to take into'Consideration His Majesty's most gracious granting an Meffdge of Friday last, for granting an Annuity of Twb Thousand Pounds to Lieutenant-General Lord fcc.

fin, and (he Two next l'ucceeding Heirs Male of his Body, to whom the Title of Baron Hntchirfon of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary, shall descend, the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his F*Iace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee;

That the Annual Sum of Two Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to commence from the 2d Day of September 1801, and be settled, in the most beneficial Manner, upon Lieutenant General Lord and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male on whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary, shall descend.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradictnte.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Wickham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Hazvkesbury, and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Iri^ Reading of the Bills for providing a proper Salary for the ceBin* 7

Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of committed. Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order.of the Day, for the rfoufe td Committee °n resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon imponfbc!S the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Parliament of of Coffee into Ireland in the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Import,

" Export, and Sale, of Coffee, and securing the Duties " payable thereon;" and also, for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland (not beir \

Maltsters or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission, or otherwise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pl.ale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur- 4etuni re!l*

r x l r\ j J r r tive to Un-

suant to their Order, funded !>bt

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho- in Exchequer " nourable House of Commons, dated 12th June 1802, pr®^''ed.

" for an Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer " Bills, outstanding on the 5th of June Instant; distinguishing by what Acts raised, and on what Funds " charged; together with an Estimate of the probable " Sufficiency of the said Funds."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

7 K Ordered,

Committee on Bill to continue Act for Rel ief of Spiritual Persont, &c.

Accounts of Customs, Excite, Stamps, anti Incidents, presented.

Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

*4° Junii.

A. 1802.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is prefcrVed amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for laying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eichth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also, to stay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the 13th Year of Queen touching Leases

of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

One thousand Eight hundred and Three: And the the same was received; and read the First- Time. *.

Ref.ihed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- Bill respecting ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time for which Horfo°ser-Horses may be let to Hire, without being subject to any varits, &c. Annual Duty; and for explaining and amending several presented. Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- isle of Man ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, Tr^fle BB,» Two Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His pieente ' present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manu-fadures of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to£. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quar-

ters of the Year: And also,

(A.) An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th of January 1802: And also,

(B.) An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards, in the Four Quarters ended 5th January 1802: And also,

(C.) An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Stamps; distinguishing, as' far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 5th of 1802: And also,

(D.) An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of " Incidents;" distinguishing, as for as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 5th January 1802.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

.Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year

«- -».

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, accord- National Debt ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum ^j^j0'000* of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be ifl'ued and paid presented. to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion re-That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, typing Mill-that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, withdrawn? ' that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the General Orders ifl'ued from the Adjutant General's Office in Dublin, on the 19th of May last, respecting the Militia of Ireland-, and also, a Copy of the Paragraph in the Circular Letter ifl'ued from the War Office on the 5th of May last, referred to in the said General Orders.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to SuPP*y-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Accounts,&c. Valuation of the Dutch Ships, which surrendered to His referred: Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice-Admiral Dutth shlP3-Sir Andrew Mitchell, at the Helder, on the 30th August

1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Excess, in the Year Police Offices, ending 5th January 1802, beyond the Sum limited by the Act 32 George III. Cap. 53, as the Annual Charge for the Expences of the Seven Police Offices, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences incurred Pro/TVion in the Prof'ecution of George Stratton, Esquire, and others, Stratton, &c. for deposing L-ord Bigot, and usurping the Government of Fort Saint George, in the East Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences incurred Maroons sent by the Sierra Leona Company for Maroons, which were t£^1'[ra sent there from Halifax, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

o <y *

14 Jumu

587

tommifl'ion umier American Treaty.

Journals.

Journals, Vous, &c.

Public

Records.

Population.

Hotifes of Par lument, &c.

Somerset

Place.

Fleet Prifen.

Secret Strikes.

African

Company.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be wanting to defray the Expences of the Commission under the 6th and 7th Articles of the Treaty, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences incurred in printing the 54th and 55th Volumes of the Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ellimatc of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Session of Parliament, including Two Volumes of Population Returns, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expences incurred under the Directions of the Commissioners appointed by llis Maidlyfor publishing the Jtccordsof the Kingdom; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expences incurred by MeliVs. F\reand Stratum, in pursuance ot ari Act of

41 Geo. III. for taking a:i Account of the Population of Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the Two I loufes of Parliament, and of the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expences incurred in the Alterations that were necestary on the Change of the Apartments allotted to the Office of Duchy of wall, in Sometft Place, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expences incurred in Repairs of the FleetPrilon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum that may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, from the ill of April 1802 to the ill of January 1803, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to be referred to

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of Wav s aiui Means.

Account of Monty remain in, in the Tieaiuiy of Iceland, referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money; remaining in the Treasury of Ireland, of the Sum granted in 1795, for defraying the Charge of railing Men in Ireland for Manning the Fleet, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sjseaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Vo 1.. 57.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, that several Act % made in the Aas relati ve Parliament of Ireland in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 37th, onrcl;«-.\V,‘to 38th, 39th, and 40th Years of the Reign of His pre- be con ft acred, lent Majesty, relative to the Militia of Ireland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur- Ipdi Election* ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of Bl11, dcferred* the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted F.leftions, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill for pre-froiti the Committee of the whole House, to whom the *entinP Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, repost^ci?6, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported gm for trying from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Persons for Bill for the trying and punishing, in Great Persons committed, holding public Employments, for Offenges committed Abroad. Abroad; and for extending the Provision of an Act, passed In the 2 ill Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in, pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or Out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on Ex-frorri the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the uftdfor ' CS 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as ex- draining, empts Tiles, made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marlhy Lands, from the Payment of Duty, the Befo-lution which the Committee had directed him to report . to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

That it is expedient to exempt Tiles, made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marlhy Lands, not less than Nine Inches in Length, from the Duty of Excise.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

fnftmftion. Ordered, That it be an Inftrttftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in , or from any Part of

the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A. 1802.

be used instead thereof: And that Mr.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart., Mr. Hi ley Addington, Mr. and Mr. Wickham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to flip* 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for suppressing of Lotteries," ordered, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House wasalfo moved. That an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in " being for luppressing unlawful Lotteries," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to suppress certain Games and Lotteries, not authorized by Law: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

140 JuniL

Report «n Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported

Burr'stone*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it &c. imported, was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 34th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Duties on Burr Stones and Paving Stones imported from GttemfeyJersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Great Britain, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Burr Stones and Paving Stones be permitted to be imported into Great Britain from Jersey, Alder-

ney, Sark, and Man, free of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

initruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, Raw Linen Yam made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and were agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Trish Bank- Mr. Henry Alexander presented to the House, accord-' relented* *ng to Order, a Bill for the Relief of uncertified Bank-preen rupts in Ireland': And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Droop'* Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act committed. ^or naturalizing John Abraham Droop, was read a Second Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Vansittart. Sir William Elf ord, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill respecting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Hydrometer*, authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Lord High ordered. Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers, now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other Instruments to 6

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee oa resolve Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^(|/or0f‘t^c the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commis- Parliament fionersof His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the Time *®"j*yn being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill for dWid. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon TKkewiZ the Bill to require Persons, licensed to keep Lottery Ireland into Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac- Billtofup!. cording to Order, a Bill to suppress certain Games and Games,* &c! Lotteries, not authorized by Law: And the same was re- presented. ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee o» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Re^pon" the Bill for allowing a further Time for stamping certain Bill.

Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty;

The House was moved, That the Two first of the Order for BHl Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from infarancl*^* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- discharged! ferred to consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Sea Policies of Insurance, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read, accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved,

lAilruCiioa.

Bil! to permit

the I xjvortn-tion oi W lif.at from Southampton to ('ucrnlcy, &. c. deterred.

Excise Beru-lation Bill, deferred.

Bill to reps il the Dury on Go<vf; imported into Ireland, deferred.

589

" Resolved, That, where the Premium actually given, or contracted for, Avail not exceed the llate of Twenty " Shillings for every £.100 in lured by any Policy of " Insurance, One 1 lalf of the Stamp Duty of Two Shil-u lings and Sixpence, granted by an Act, passed in the " Thirty-fifth \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, " and aPo One Half of the additional Stamp Duty of €€ Two Shillings and Sixpence, granted by an Act, " passed in the Forty-first Year of the lleign of Hispreli nt Majesty, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or " Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which " any Insurance shall be ingrafted, printed, or written, " shall cease and determine.

" Resolved, That there be charged upon every Infura nee, where the Premium actual v given, or contracted " for, shall not exceed the Kate of Twenty Shillings for " every £. 100, or any fractional Part of /. ico injured, u 1 lie like Duties as are payable by the said Acts upon " Inliirances where the Premium acitially given, or con-u traded lor, lh til not exceed the Rate ot 'Pen Shillings " per Centum on the Sum insured." .

'The Iioide was nido mover!. Tint the Order, made upon Friday Lift, f r Leave to bring in a Dili, upon the Lid Rdbluiiom, might be read.

And the said Older being r -ad accordingly;

Ordered, rfhat the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That it be :m I nft ruction to the (Yd Committee, That they have Power to make P ovision in tnc laid Rill, pursuant to the said Pefoiutions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Muiming.

o

Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Con-fumers;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to permit the Impor- Tortola Fiee tation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodi- f^^ptrcci. tics into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Istand of Tortola, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thi; House wiii, Tomorrow Morning, rnm^trcecu resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, !o jbii r-Vm'mi consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday jail, That a. >wh Sv iiuol-Leave be given to bring in a Bill for bettering the Conditi n of the S iiooimafcers in Scotland, as regulated by

7 r> s

an Act. made in the Sixth SclTion oi the First Parliament of Scotland, in ti.e Reign of King William, intituled,

" Act for settling of Schools."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for pre-

the whole Haute, to w; ~m the Bdl for the better Prefer- Garnetn. New vation o; Heath 1 ov 1, commonly called Black Game, Forcih,

XT -> , . - y /i - r- a

within the NczvIm ej:, \n the County of

was committed,' be received upon //*/» Morning next.

And tl>en the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

deferred.

LI art is, 15° die;

The Order of the Dav being read, for the House to refoive itleb into a Committee or the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the Exp. nation of Wheat and other Articles from the IMrts of South >apfnn and Weymouth to the Elands of Giternfy, Jmfey, and Alderney; for preventing the Exportation ot Tobacco from Great Britain in the same Ship in which it shall be imported; and for empowering Collectors and Comptrollers, or Principal Officers of the Ctistoms, at the Out Ports, to administer Oaths in all Cales relating to the Revenues of Customs;

Resolved, That this 1 louse will, upon this Day Month, refuive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill fer exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates, and Etfcfts bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any Rritljh Ship from any British Colony in A meric ay or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Uic of in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and learning the Duties of Exci.e on w ine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum (lffpped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excite;

Rejllvedy fl lut this 1 loulc will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole I Mule, upon the Bill to repeal the additional Duty oi Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into

VOL. 57.

Anno 42.0 Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1S02.

A

Prayers.

N ingioftbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fern's NTaj. for naturalizing Gabriel Denis Ferre, was read a

Second Tune.

Reflvcdy That the Bill be committed to Mr. B/ack-burne ol Lancajl :re, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiv£ of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, and Charles F hr gaily Ekjuire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of I\loianeuth, deviled by the Will of the late John Morgan, Ell|i:ire; and to enable the said Claries Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates, of which he is Tenant for Life in Fofleftion under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Doiben, Mr. Churchill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Morgn n\s Estate Bi 11 committer A -

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act p'V for authorizing L cases to be made of such of the let tied Kit.-.te J>iii, LlTates of the late Molt honourable Arthur Marquis of committed. Djivushire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas

7 L

59°

15° Junii. 1802.

Vanfutart, Sir Robert Bu: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lond°*Tort Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Act, piled. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 39th Year of I lis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of Mis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and " for better regulating, the Port of ," so far as the fame relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established; and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bdl to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence.

>r'nch, ke. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ££fB, U' Riding of the Bill ^now ingrossed) for repealing the Rates and Duties of Portage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to,

and for grafting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage, the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Portage > upon letters to and from France and the Batavian Re-

public, from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage, the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and '.

Ordered, That Mr. H Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dehre their Concurrence.

Account* pre- Mr. Niehola s Van fit tartpresented to the House, pur-

KlltcJ: ( , . „ , J 1 r

iuant to their Order,

Sa!.tries,&c. Several Accounts, shewing what Increase or Diminu-lon ta^cn phre in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, ot all the Public Olftces, for the Year 1S01; viz. from the Treasury — Secretary of State, Home Department — Secretary of State, Foreign Department — Secretary of State, War Department — Alien Office — War Office — Ordnance Office — Admiralty — Navy — Victualling — Sick and Hurt — Transport Office — ;T.rc Office — Stamp Office —

— Port O nice - Customs — Excise — Exchequer Bill Office — Commissioners for Auditing Public Accounts — Murter Marter General's Office — Lottery Office — Stationary Office — Customs, — Exeile, Scotland — -

Comptrollers Army Accounts — Auditors Hand Revenue — Barrack Office — Signet Office — Oilice for the Redacts n ct the National Debt — Hackney Coach Office — Mint — Surveyor, Crown Lxinds — Paymaster General — Auditor, Receipt of the Exchequer — Surveyor General ol Wood* — Solicitor of the Treasury — Receiver of the 1 r. 6 d.Duties on Pcnf, >ns, See. — Remembrancer of First Fruits — Receiver cf First Fruits — Receiver of Tirthr. — IVivy Seal Office — and Hawkers and Pedlars ( fti'ce.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be fufRcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 96.)

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Marine Mn-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill po'^'11',e' for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second d ime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grefled.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Stamp Duties

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a further Time for stamping certain 1 ,rci> Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for exempting certain legacies from the Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read tire Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *

for naturalizing John Meybohm, was read a Second committed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Hob house, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Perry's Estate

O # 7 7 Hill

to enable John Skynner, F.squire, and Charles Wil- com;m?tted.

Hams, Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry, Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditamentsr situate within the Manor of Tottenham, otherwise hall, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Catherine Whitehead, de-cealed, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same Copy'hold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money ariitng thereby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fuller, See.: And they are to meet the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir

42 Geo. III. 15 ° Junii.591

Eill to con- Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from t*nuc Act for (|,e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ritMlfperfous to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, reported. passed in the said Session of Parliament, for Having Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from laving Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Forms; and also, to l':<y Proceeding in Actions under an Act of the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiaflicai Livings with Cure, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had diieded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I ioulc.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrofild.

Ordered, That the (a!J Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bid shall be then in-

O'

grofied.

Binrefpofling Mr. End, according to Order, reported from the o?Colr o Committee of the who'e House, to whom the Bill to Irrimi', nna continue an AY, made in the Parliament of in

xcportcdJnt:*' *‘ie Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Import, Export, " and Sale of C'oiF e, and securing the Duties payable " thereon and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Perilous in Ireland (not being Malt iters or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission, or otherwise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where tile Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, ii the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accord- Bill ordered, ingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, for bettering the Condition of the Schoolmasters in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of Scotland, in the llcign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling of Schools:" And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Full-art and Mr. liam Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to accept, and continue, the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Ix)rds have agreed to the Bi'l, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dv.nchv.rchto Slonebridge, in the County of War-

wick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Wra(te, situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich-, with fume Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing' the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Bodeuha in the County of Hereford; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have airreed to

In 111

Yeoman *y Corps Bill.

Dun church and S rone bridge' Road Bill.

Newton Inclosure Bill.

Bill respecting Lands lor Ordnance at Woolwich, with Amendments.

Donington Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Bodenham Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Cornmlttce on Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House hiu'rti'i'lvuiig rel'olvc it felt into a Committee of the whole House, s*ouU to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, Sthooinuiler*. hc given to bring in a Bill for bettering the

Condition of the Schoolmalters in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the Fir it Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King intituled, " Act for settling of Schools," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The House rciolwd iilelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Kiported. Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, Tiat he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for betiding the Condition of the School mailers in Scotland, rs regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the Full Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling of " Schools."

VOL.57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third 2:11 fcr. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter, amend, and smuggling* render more effectual, an Act, made in the 24th Year deferred, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles WatkinWilliams Wynn reported from the Yikeibion

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Wafie Grounds, within the Township of Yjkeibion, in the Parish of nynys, in

the County of Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and

Inclosure Bill, reported.

Kr;tort on Irith Elect ior.s B il, iunlirr coiiiMcrcJ.

Report if-pfCtlJl;: Lot\'s

rents

,0

Nl ‘-a bill.

Ampn<!rn>nts

*l 'Ll Jt re.!.

and then 3 Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrofild.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of ti e whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The 1 louse proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that no Commission shall be issued, unless the Party applying for the same shall have given Notice to the oppositc Party, immediately after the Election.

And the said Clause was icad the FirltTime; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing Count'd, or Agents, from pleading or examining Witnesses before the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Hull be then in-

gre fil'd.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; and to report to the 1 louse v. hat they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; That the Committee had con-lidered the said Amendments, and had directed him to report to the House, what the Committee thought proper to be offered to the House, with respect to the said Amendments; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To the lft, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7tii, 8th, and 9th, of the Lords Amendments, Your Committee propose to the I louse to agree.

To the toth and nth Amendments, Your Committee propose to disagree.

To the 12th Amendment, Your Committee propose to agree.

To the 13th Amendment, Your Committee propose to disagree.

To the Light next Amendments, Your Committee

propose to agree.

To tire next Amendment, Prels 120. 1. 29. Your Committee propose to disagree.

T'o the l ive next Amendments, Your Committee propose to agree.

To the next Amendment, Prels 164. 1. 33. Your Committee pm poll to disagree.

To the inb'.cijLent Amendments, Your Committee propose to agree.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be now taken into further Confident ion.

Tie House accordingly proceeded to take the said An cndmcRts into further Consideration.

And the Amendments w'ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 5. After "and" insert "the Militia as " by Law established, through its " constant Readiness on short Notice for effectual Service, has been " found."

Leave out " such of."

After Majesty's" insert " Regular" and in the same Line leave out from " Forces" to " as,"

Pr. 7. 1.

31*

in

Line 32.

Pr. 25. I. 42. After " any" insert " Person now " serving as."

1. 44. After " may" insert " continue to." 1. 46. After " notwithstanding " insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided also, and be it further Enailed, That every Lieutenant Cclonel or Major in the Militia, duly " qualified as aforesaid, and commissioned under any of the Acts " hereinbefore recited, and now " ad ually serving, and who, in consequence of the Reduction of the " Establishment of the Regiment, " Battalion, or Corps, in which he " is serving, will no longer retain " his Commission; and any Officer " in the Militia, duly qualified as " aforesaid, who, in consequence " of the Augmentation of the Militia Forces herein after provided, " may hereafter be promoted to " the Commission of LieutenantColonel or Major, and may, by " any subsequent lledudion of that " Augmentation, no longer retain " such Commission, shall and may " continue to rank respectively in the General Militia Service, according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment in the " Militia so vacated as aforesaid: " Provided, that nothing herein " contained shall extend to give " any such Lieu tenant-Colonel or " Major any Regimental Rank." Pr. 35. 1. 14. After " Britain" insert " by Notice " addressed to the Adjutant."

1. 25. After " aforesaid" insert " in Manner aforesaid."

Pr. 71. 1. 5. After " Quakers" insert " resident " within the said County, Riding, " or Place, and dated within the " Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it shall " be produced as aforesaid."

1. 37. After " Purpose" insert "who is or " has been in His Majesty's other " Forces, or in the Militia."

Pr. 74. 1. 7. After " enrolled " insert " or at any " General Meeting for the County, " Riding, or Place, as aforesaid." Pr. 83. 1. 4. After " Months" insert " and his " Term of Service shall re-commence from the Date of such " Commitment."

Pr. 84. 1. 36. After " Meetings" insert Clause (B.) Clause (B.) "And be it further Enacted, That in " all Cafes in the Execution of this " Act, when any Matter or Thing " is directed to be enquired of, or " examined into, upon the Oath " of any Witness or Witnesses, be-

" fore

" fore any Lieutenant of any County or any Deputy Lieutenant or " Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such " Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant " or Lieutenants, or Justice or Just " tices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such " Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to " be taken in pursuance of this " Act shall and may be respectively " administered by any Lieutenant " or Deputy Lieutenant."

Pr. 8c. 1.54. Leave out from "'of" to " not,'\ in Line 35.

1. ult. Leave out from " of" to " not," in Press 86. Line 2.

Pr. 86. 1. 34. After the first " be " insert " Provided always, That if His Majesty " shall at any Time direct that " any Proportion of the said Militia shall be trained and exercised " to the Service of any Artillery " that may be attached to any Regiment or Battalion, it shall and " may be lawful for His Majesty to " direct that a Supernumerary Office or Officers of the said Regiment or Battalion, of such Rank " as His Majesty shall order, and " being duly qualified as aforesaid, " shall be appointed to and for the Cud Men 10 directed to be trained " and exercised as aforesaid."

1. 39. Leave out " Three" and insert " Four."

Pr. 101.1. 17. Leave out " out of the Serjeants."

1. 22.? Leave out " out of the Drum-& 23.J " mers."

Pr. 106.1. 9. After "appoint" insert Clause (C.) Clause (C.) "Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That whensoever any Regiment, " Battalion, or Corps, to be raised " under this Act, shall have been " disembodied as herein after directed, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to order and " direct that such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall not be " trained or exercised in Manner " as is herein after directed, for " the Space of Twelve Calendar " Months, to be calculated from " the Day on which it shall have " been so disembodied, or for such " Number of Months, not exceeding Twelve Months, as His Majesty shall think fit."

Pr. 120.1. 29. After " Term" insert " the said Term " of Serv ice to re-commence from " the Day on which he shall have " returned, or have been taken." Pr. 123.I. 18. After " embodied" insert " and for " the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Man " of such Regiment, Battalion, or " Corps, who shall have deserted " while the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps was embodied, and " shall not have been apprehended " till after it shall have been dist " embodied."

1. 21. After "That" insert "ifasufficient " Number of Officers to form a " Court Martial, cannot be found."

VOL.57.

Pr. 123.1. 36. Leave out " Five " and insert " Ten.'* Pr. 124.1. 7. After " Drbmmer" insert "or Private Man as aforesaid."

Pr. 160.I. 13. After " aforesaid" insert Clause (D.) Clause (D.) " Provided always, and be it Enacted,

" That it shall be lawful for the said " Deputy lieutenants in their several Subdivision Meetings, and " before they proceed to choose or " ballot as hereinbefore directed, to " revile and correct the Names ot " the Men contained in such Class " or Classes, according to the several Changes or Alterations that " may have taken place since the " last Revisal or Correction thereof."

Pr. 164.I.33. After " respectively" insert " or " where only One Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as such " Deputy Lieutenant."

Pr. 167.I. 18. Leave out from " Places" to "and," in Line 19, and insert " as shall be " appointed with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, " in Manner as is hereinbefore directed, for training and exercising " the disembodied Militia."

1. 21. Leave out from " accordingly" to " and, " in Line 23.

Pr. 169.I. 20. Leave out " Cafe" and insert "all " Cafes of actual Invasion, or."

1. 21. Leave out from " Danger" to " His," in Line 22, and insert " thereof, " and in case of Rebellion."

Pr. 171.1.12. After " be" insert " raised and enrolled or."

1. 29. After " Day" jnfert Clause (E.) Clause (E.) "And be it further Enacted, That it " shall be lawful for His Majesty, " from Time to Time (whenever " He shall deem it expedient to " reduce the Whole or any Part of " the Supplementary Militia, by . " His Royal Proclamation, to fledare such Reduction accord: " ingly, and in case the said Supplementary Militia, or any Part " thereof, shall be then embodied) " to disembody the lame, or any " Number of Private Militia Men " equal thereto, without regard to " whether such Men were raised " and enrolled in pursuance of any " Proclamation for raising the Sup* " plementary Militia, or were enrolled before, and were serving at " the Time of the issuing thereof; " and the Private Militia Mert so " disembodied as aforesaid, or so " many of them as may have been " enrolled, and not embodied at the " Time of issuing such Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain " liable to serve for the respective " Periods for which they shall have " been respectively enrolled to serve, " and shall, during such Periods, " supply all the Vacancies that may " arise in the respective Parishes or " Places, or United Parishes. or " Places, for which they shall have " been so enrolled, whenever called ‘ " upon so to do; and the Deputy

Laeutenants of the respective 7 M " Sub-

i £ Junii. A. 1802.

u Subdivisions shall from Time to Time cause any Man or Men, as " the same may be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy " or Vacancies in the established " Militia that may arile for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Places in their respective " Subdivisions, to be taken from " their respective Classes as aforesaid, or ballotted, as the same may *' require, according to the Provi-n fions in this Act contained relating to the taking Men for the MilitiaJfrom Classes, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that " shall be fit to lerve, shall have " supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall " take place for the raising and " enrolling any Man to supply any " Vacancy that may arise from any u Parish or Place, so long as the " same can be supplied from any " Men, orby anyMan, thenenrolled " for such Parish or Place that " shall remain liable, and be fit to " serve: Provided also, that no " Man (o remaining liable to serve " as aforesaid for any Parish or " Place, shall be called upon or " be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or " Place than that for which he " shall be originally enrolled to " serve, under the Provisions of this " Act: Provided also, that no such " Man lb remaining liable to supply " such Vacancy as aforesaid, shall, " during the Time he so remains " liable, be capable of being en* " lifted into His Majesty's Regular " Forces."

The Nine first Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments being severally read a Second Time;

And the Question being severally put. That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The nebet Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Eight next Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Five next Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

_ - 5

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Committee Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for to

disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Reasons for Lordships, as this House hath disagreed to fomlof the*

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was re- Amendment*, ferred to consider of the said Amendments, and to report to the House what they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon, be the said Committee.

The Lord Arden, according to Order, reported from Mutiny Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rePorted* for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Bill for raiGag Report from the Committee of the whole House, to "/Jo‘*)rof

1 Miners

whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 38th ported,'

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties " of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War;" and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were ageeed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee at to resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole House, £jjkeeP '» upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Bill for confo- further Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for consolidating tionofLaml the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Re- Tax, further demption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act; con(*<,ere<1, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections

Statement of Proceed i ngsof Commission-ers for Redemption of Land Tax.

Jffendix*

(No. 97.)

Billrefpetfing

Hydrometers,

presented.

Customs Dunes Bill, prticnted.

Lord Hutch-infon's Annuity Bill, prclcnied.

tions for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the l-and Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Ciaule was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing Lund Tax redeemed or purchased, to be given towards the Augmentation of small Livings.

And the said Claul'c was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grofi'ed.

The Lord Glenhervi:presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrel's to His Majesty,

A Statement of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners, for regulating, directing, approving, and continuing, all Saies, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix.to this Volume.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers, now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other Instruments to be used instead thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament on Blubber, Train Oil, I'ifh Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Van fat art presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinf Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Sendees: And the same was received; and read the Fii*ft Time. a

VOL. 57.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, of the 35th and 38th Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scalcboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in, Great Britain', and for granting other Duties in'lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself inio a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to require Persons, licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of Whole Lottery Tickets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the' said Bill, for enabling the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, to remit to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, any Sum, not exceeding £.300,000 Irish Currency, out of the Monies arising from Contributions for Lotteries.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according- to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Thirty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th Day of June 1802. (

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundutd and Six Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary . Establishment of the Navy, for Seven Lunar Months,

commencing the 1 8th Day of June 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and (Light

Thousand

Billrefpe£Hng^ the Whale Fishery from Milford Haven, presented#

Paper, Duties Bill, present*!.

Committee om Bill for dividing Lottery Tickets in Ireland into Shares.

Instructioiu

Report

Supply.

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

TranspGtt

Service.

S96

150 Junii.

A. 1802.

Sick Prisoners.

Dutch Ship*.

African Forts.

Secret

Services.

Police Offices,

Prosecution

Mr. Stratton, &c.

M.iroons sent to Sierra Leone.

Commission under American Treaty.

Journals.

Journal*, Vote*, &c.

Public

Records.

Thousand Five Hundred Forty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th Day of June 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for Seven Lunar Months, commencing the 18th Day of June 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Ninety-nine Thousand Eight Hundred and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, being the Amount of the Valuation of the Ships,

which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Sir Andrew , at the

Nezv Deep, on the 30th Day of 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of AJri

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for Nine Months, from the 1 ft Day of April iSoz to the ift Day of January 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, being the Excess in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1802 beyond the Sum limited by an Act of the 3 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as the Annual Charge for the Expences of the Seven Police Offices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in the Prosecution of George Stratton, Esquire, and others, for deposing Lord Pigot, and usurping the Government of Fort Saint Gein the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Nine Hundred and Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred by the Sierra Company for Maroons which were sent there from Halifax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven Thousand Nine Hundred and Forty eight Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Commission under the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Six Hundred and Five Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Expences incurred in printing the 54th and 55th Volumes of the Journals of the House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto.

R.J 'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons; for printing and delivering the Votes; and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Session of Parliament, including Two Volumes of Population Returns.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-leven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

Expences incurred under the Directions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for publishing the Records of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Population. That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Twelve Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Expences incurred by Messieurs F.yreand Strahan, in pursuance of an Act of the 41st Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, HousesofPar-That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen Thousand Nine lianient»&c* Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the Two Houses of Parliament, and of the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Somerset That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred and Ninety- Place* eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in the Alterations that were necessary on the Change of the Apartments allotted to the Office of the Duchy of Cornwall in Somerset Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fleet Prison. That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred in Repairs of the Fleet Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordina-That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to qe*ofllie His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Ser- y* vices of the Army in Great Britain, for the Year 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, increaseof That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty Thousand Pounds, comiStfion be granted to His Majesty, for an Increase of Half Pay and warrant to Commission Officers, and of additional Pay to War- officers* rant Officers of the Navy, for Six Months, commencing the 1 ft Day of July 1802.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Contingent That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Thousand Pounds J'h'.irs*fcr Sterling, being Fifty-four Thousand One Hundred Sixty- reau six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Civil Contingent Charges for the Service of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802, of which no Estimate can now be made.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Wickham presented to the House, by His Ma- Papers rtla-jesty's Command,

A Return of the Effective Privates of the Irish Militia presented! on 2d Novemberlaft; distinguishing those amongst them

whose Service was to expire Two Months after the War, from those who were engaged to serve for any other Term: And also,

Extract from the Instructions issued from the War Office, Dublin, to the Colonels of Militia, on the dif-embodying of their Corps: And also.

Copy of the General Orders wffiich were issued from the Adjutant General's Office, Dublin, 19th May 1802, on the Subject of the Discharge of the Privates of the Irish Militia.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th, and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative to the Militia of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee or to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A<^.s rf, aj!ve to consider of the said Acts, be now read. of Ireland!* '

And

Reported.

Bill ordered.

Expence of di: charging Hi lit 1.1 Men in Ireland, to be convicted.

5 91

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland.

And Mr. Henry Alexander moved the House accord-

ing-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Mode of reimbursing to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, the Expences which such Counties and Places may incur, in certain Cafes, in consequence of discharging certain Militia Men, respecting the Periods of whole Service Doubts have been entertained;

Mr. Carry (by His Majesty's Command* acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Mode of reimbursing to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, the Expences which such Counties and Places may incur, in certain Cafes, in consequence of discharging certain Militia Men, re-

speifting the Periods of whose Service Doubts have been entertained.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- ' jesty, the further Sum of Five Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- ^"ts for jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Hundred and Fourteen Thousand Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, being the Surplus of the Grants for the Year 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- F°"d>ofate jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six Hun- Ireland, dred and Fifty Thousand Pounds out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Money re-That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- maining inf jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Thirty- irdand'^of* nine Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Grants for Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny (Irish ‘79S* Currency) remaining in the Treasury of Ireland, of the Sum granted in 1795, for defraying the Charge of railing Men in Ireland for Manning the Fleet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duties on That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- G<J^* int& jesty, the several New and Additional Duties herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, imported or brought into Ireland; viz.

ARTICLES.

Adianthum Nigrum, the Hundred Pounds -

Agaric, the Pound ——

Alkanet Root, the Hundred Pounds -Alkermes Syrup, the Pound -

Almonds, viz.

----- ---- Bitter Almonds, the Hundred Weight -

----- ---- Jordan Almonds, the Hundred Weight

----- ---- of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

Aloes, viz.

---- Epatica, the Hundred Pounds -

---- Succotrina, the Hundred Pounds

Alum, the Hundred Weight -

Alum, viz.Roch Alum, the Hundred Weight

Amber, Rough, the Hundred Pounds -Anacardium, the Hundred Pounds

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the Barrel, containing 16 Pounds of Fish Angelica Root, the Hundred Pounds -Annotto, the Hundred Pounds -

Antimonium, viz.

----- ----- - Crudum, the Hundred Weight

----- ----- - Preparatum, the Hundred Pounds

Apples, the Bushel ——

----- - Dried, the Bushel - -

Aqua Fort is, the Hundred Weight - -

Argol, the Hundred Weight -<*--Arillolochia, the Hundred Pounds -Arrow Root, the Hundred Pounds - *

Arsenic, the Hundred Weight -

Alarum Root, the Hundred Pounds - -

Afphaltus, die Hundred Pounds *

\ oil# 57.

Duty.

£ s. d.

m O 3 8

O 0 2

- - O 1 8

4k O 0 2

. O 2 3

- a* - O 7 b

- - m - O 3 0

- m . O 3 8

- - - - O 4 id

O 2 6

- - O 1 1

m *» - O 7 d

- - m O j 0

- O i 6

- . - 0 1 10

I 2 8

O 1 6

- - - 0 4 6

0 0

m * - - 0 0 <5

- - - 0 3 3

0 2 3

- - - 0 3 6

- - 0 9 d

0 2 3

- - 0 4 6

- 0 IQ 0

?n"

Aflafoetida,

O iV

15 junn.

ARTICLES.

AflafcEtida, (lie Hundred Pounds %

Ralls, viz. Wnshing Balls, the Hundred Pounds *

Balks. See \Yood.

Kalfam, vi:r.

----- --- Artificial Balfiim, the Pound -

----- --- Canada Balfiam, the Pound ——

----- --Copaivae, the Pound -

----- --- Natural Baliam, the Pound ——

Bark, viz.

----- Cortex Peruvians, or Jesuits' Bark, the Hundred Pounds

Ba/kct Koch, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band -

Baskets, viz.

----- --- Hand Baskets, the Dozen ——

Battens. See W ood.

Bay berries, the Hundred Weight ——

Beads, viz.

----- Amber Beads, the Pound ——

----- - Cora! Beads, the Pound - -

Bcecli Quarters. See Wood.

Beer or Ale, the Barrel of 32 Gallons ——

Beer, viz. Spruce Beer, the Barrel of 32 Gallons -Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bell Metal, the Hundred Weight ——

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen - - - .

Blacking, the Hundred Weight - .

Blubber. See Oil.

Boards. See Wood.

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

----- Bound Books, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Unbound Book*, the I lundred Weight -

Botargo, the Pound - - - '

Bottles, viz.

----- --- Glass Bottles, the Dozen Quarts

-Stone Bottles, the Dozen Quarts . - -

Boxwood. See Wood.

Boxes, viz.

----- -Ncft Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Nests, each Nest containing 8 Boxes - -

----- Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Nests, each Nest containing Boxes ——

----- Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Boxes -

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brazil Wood, 6cV.W ood.

Brazilet.so W\ood. . See Wood.

Brimfioue, the Hundred„\Vei?ht ——

Bn 1 tics, viz.

----- --- Drcfied, the Dozen Pounds ——

Bough or Undressed, the Dozen Pounds - - - , -

viz. Whilk Broom:, the Dozen ——

Bugle, viz.

----- --- Great Bugle, the Hundred Pounds ——

----- --- Small Bugle, the Hundred Pounds ——

Builrulhes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles

Burrs for Mill Stones, the Hundred ——

Cables tarred or untarred, the Hundred Weight -Cam W ood. See Wood.

Cambogium, or Gutta Gambia, the Hundred Pounds -Cam])hire, viz.

----- ----- Refined, the Pound - .

----- ----- Lmrefuied, t!:e Pound -

Candles, viz.

----1 — Tallow Candles,.the Hundred Weight -

----- --- W ax Candles, the Hundred Pounds -

C lines, viz. Peed Chines, the Thou land ——

Camharities, the Pound - -

Capers, the Hundred Pounds ——

Cardamoms, the Hundred Pounds.

Carpus, njz.

----- --- Turkey Carpets, containing Yards square, or upwards, the

Carpet ——

.....containing lcis than 4_Yrards square, the Carpet

Carrube, tire Pound - - - . - - .

4

Broom

Duty. £ d. o c 6

045

003

0 0 2

00 4

001

o ro o

002

010

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

I I

4 6

3 4

3 9

1 6

2 3

0 11 4

0 5 8

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 2 3

0 1 6

0 0 5

0 1 0

0 8

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 8 4

0 10 6

0 2 4

0 l9 6

0 2 4

0 10 10

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 2 1

0 10 0

0 4 3

0 0 9

0 4 2

0 10 0

0 6 8

0 5 0

0 0 1

1802.

Caiks,

c-

3.

42 Geo. 111.

15° Junii.

Articles.

599

Duty.

Vol.

Cnflcs, empty, the Ton Cania, viz.

--- Ftflula, the Hundred Weight -

----- Lignen, the Hundred Pounds -

Caftorcum, the Found - -

Caviar, the Hundred Weight -

Cheese, the Hundred Weight -Cherries, the Hundred Weight -Cider, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons Cochineal, the Pound - - - ~ -

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight - -

o

Cocuhis Indiie, the Found -

Coflee, the Hundred Weight -

Coloquintida, the Pound - «.

Colours lor Painters, the 'Pound - -

Comfits, the Pound ——

Copper, viz.

— ----- -Ore, the Hundred Weight- -

----- --Part wrought, the Hundred Weight

----- --Unwrought, the Hundred Weight -

----- --\\ ire. See Wire.

Copperas, viz.

----- --- Green, the Hundred Weight

----- ----- White, the Hundred Weight

Coral, viz.

— — in Fragments, the Pound -

o # 9

—— whole, policed, the Pound - — whole, unpolished, the Pound -Cordage, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight Cork, the Hundred Weight ' -

Corks, ready made, the Grots, containing 12 Dozen Cortex, viz.

----- --- Klatherise, the Hundred WVight

# o

----- --- Limonum, the Hundred Pounds

— ----- -Simarouba, the Pound - -

—— W interanus, the Hundred Pounds -

Cotton Wool. Sev Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See \ am.

Cowitch, the Pound ——

Cream of Tartar, the Hundred Weight Crystal in broken Pieces for Physical Uics, the Pound Currants, the Hundred Weight -Dates, the Hundred Weight -

Daucus Creticus, the Pound -

Deals. See Wood.

Di ptamus I eaves, the Pound -Down, the Hundred rounds -Karl lien Vv are, viz.

----- ----- ----- Brickstones, the Thousand

----- ----- ----- Galley Tiles, the 1 lundred Feet

----- ----- --- — Pantiles, the Thousand

----- ----- ----- Paving Tiles, the Thousand ~

Klxmy. See Wood.

Dels, the Ship Load -

Klcborus, tire Hundred Pounds -Ficphants Teeth, the Hundred Weight Fifence of Ixmons, the Pound -Euphorbiuirt, the Hundred Pounds -

Feathers, vrz.

----- --- Odrich Feathers, dressed, the Pound

----- -- — Oitrich Feathers, undressed, the Pound

----- - — Ur Beds, the Hundred Weight

Fenugreek, the Hundred Weight -

Figs, the Hundred Weight -Fir Quarters. See Wood.

Fire Wood. See Wood.

Flores Chamremelt, the Hundred Pounds Frankincentc, the Hundred W eight -Burner's Waste, the Hunched Weight -

_ _ ^? c>

Fulnc. See Wood.

Galbanum, the Pound - - .

G As, the Hundred Weight - -

Geneva. See Soirits. -Gentian, the Hundred Pounds -

C d.

0 0 10

0 I 8

0 10 0

0 0 3

0 2 4

O I 0

0 3 4

o 11 o o o o o o o

o 10 3 4

2

6

2

2

o

008 011 o 0 4 3

0 o 3 o 1 10

o

o

o

3

2

6

- - - - 0 I 9

- - - I 6 0

- - - 0 0 9

— — - 0 0 1

- - - - 0 1 6

- - - - 0 1 3

- - - 0 0 2

* 0 6 6

0 0 i

- - - 0 4 0

- - - - 0 0 2

- - - - 0 1 6

a - - 0 4 4

m 0 0 2

- - - - 0 0 2

0 7 10

- - - 0 0 S

- - - - 0 1 0

- - - 0 2 10

- m — — 0 3 0

- - - - 2 l7 8

- - - - O 2 X

- - - " O 18 0

- - - - O 0 3

— — — 0 2 0

- - - - I 2 0

- - - 0 3 7

* — 0 6 5

- - 0 0 10

Sm At 0 2 3

m 0 3 4

- - 0 1 0

- <* fa 0 6 9

- - fa 0 0 2

— - 0 S 0

- - 0 2 2

Ginger,

6oo

150 J

A. 1802*

ARTICLES.

Ginger, the Hundred Weight..... *

Ginger Green, the Pound ——

Ginlang, the Hundred Pounds ——

Glass broken, the Hundred Weight ——

Glover's Clippings, the Hundred Weight ——

Glue, the Hundred Weight ——

Guinea Grains, the Hundred Pounds ——

Guinea Pepper, the Hundred Pounds ——

Gum, viz.

---- Animi, the Hundred Pounds ——

--- Arabic, the Hundred Weight ——

--- Armoniac, the Hundred Weight ——

--- Copal, the Hundred Pounds ——

--- Elemi, the Hundred Pounds ——

---- Guiaci, the Hundred Pounds ——

--- Opoponax, the Pound ——

--- Sandrake, the Hundred Weight ——

--- Senegal, the Hundred Weight ——

--- Tragaganth, the Pound ——

Hair, viz.

---- Cow or Ox Hair, the Hundred Weight - -

--- Goat Hair, the Pound ——

--- Horse Hair, the Hundred Pounds -

--- Human Hair, the Pound - -

Handspikes. See Wood.

Hartlhorns, the Hundred ——

Hats, viz.

--- Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen -

— 7 — Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen -

Hermodactylus, the Pound ——

Hides, viz.

--- Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair, the Piece -

— Horse Hides in the Hair,.the Piece ——

--- Indian Hides, undressed, the Piece ——

—— Losh Hides, the Hundred Pounds ——

---- Muscovy or Russia Hides tanned, the Pound -

Hones, the Hundred ——

Honey, the Barrel, containing 42 Gallons ——

Hoops for Coopers. See Wood.

Horn Tips, the Hundred ——

Horns of Cows or Oxen, the Hundred ——

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each ——

Incle, viz.

--- Unwrought, or short Spinnel, the Pound

--- Wrought, the Dozen Pounds ——

Indico, viz.

----- of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Hundred

Pounds ——

— of the Produce of any Part of the United States of America, the

Hundred Pounds ——

----- of the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Pounds

Ink for Printers, the Hundred Weight ——

Ireos, the Hundred Weight ——

Iron, viz.

--- in Bars or unwrought, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

--- Cast, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

--- Hoops, the Hundred Weight ——

--- Ore, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

--- Pig Iron, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

--- Slit, or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than

3-4-ths of an Inch square, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

Ifinglass, the Hundred Pounds ——

Juice of 1/nnons, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

juice of Limes, the Gallon ——

juniper Berries, the Hundred Weight ——

Kelp, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -Knees of Oak. See Wood.

l ,aee, viz.Bone Lace of Thread, the Dozen Yards - - .

Lampblack, the Hundred Weight -

1 ruliwoud. See Wood.

Lattcn, viz.Shaven Latten, the Hundred Weight -

Lavender Flowers, the Hundred Pounds ——

Duty.

S. A

O I 10

O O 2

O 6 a

O 0 4

O 1 6

O 2 0

O 2 2

O 2 4

O 5 6

O 3 8

O *3 0

O 9 0

O 9 0

O 8 . 4

O 0 5

O 2 10

O 5 10

O 0 2

O 1 10

O 0 2

O. 10 0

O 0 /V

O 5 2

O 0 4

O 0 4

O 0 1

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 5

O 10 0

O 0 1

O 2 0

O 11 0

O 0 6

O 1 4

O 11 0

O 0 1

O 0 j 8

O iS 0

O 12 0

I 7 0

O 2 10

O 1 6

O 13 0

O 6 6

O 1 6

O 1 10

O 4 0

O 12 5

O 7 0

O *5 6

O 0 2

O 1 0

O 4 6

O H 0

O 2 6

O 6 0

O 1 8

Lead,

42 Geo. III.

o

15 j unu.

J r

ARTICLES.

do I

VOL. 57.

..Lead, viz.

---- Black Lei\d, the Hundred Weight r -

:--- Red Lead, the Hundred Weight

---- White Lead, the Hundred Weight ——

Leaves of Roles, the Hundred Pounds . ——

Lemons, the Thousand ——

Lignum Vitas. See Wood.

Linen, viz.

Cambricks and French Lawns, the Half Piece, containing Six nils and an Half ——

Canvas, viz.

----- HeJJens Canvas or Dutch Barras, the 120 Ells - *

----- Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough

Canvas, the 120 Ells . -Damask Napkining, of Silesia, making the Yard -

----- - Tabling, of Silesia* making the Yard -

----- Napkining, of the Manufacture of France or Holland, the Yard

- --- Tabling, of the Manufacture of France ox Holland, the Yard -

Diaper Napkining, of Silesia* making the Yard - .

----- ----- ---- of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard

--- Tabling, of Silesia, making the Yard

Drillings and Pack Ducks, the 120 Ells -

Flanders and Holland Linen, plain, not exceeding One Ell -J- in Breadth, the 120 Ells -German, Sivitzerland, East Country (except Rufia), and Silesia, Cloth, plain, viz.

not above.31 f Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -not above 31- Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, the 120 Ells -

above 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

---- Hinderlands, Brown, under 22{ Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

---- Lawns, viz.

— ----- - — Silesia, and all other Lawns, plain (except French Lawns) not

bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length ——

----- - - - Silesia, and all other. Lawns, plain (except FrePih Lawns)

bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length ——

---- Russia Linen, plain, viz.

----- -- - Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Rufia, not exceeding 22\ Inches in Breadth, the 120 HHs

----- -- - Narrow Rufia Linen, not otherwise enumerut. d, not exceeding

22£ Inches in Breadth, the 120 Eils -

----- -- - Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, exceeding 22-I- Inches

Breadth, and not exceedin'! 31 \ Inches, the I 20 lulls

----- ---- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rufia* exceeding 314- Inches

Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, the 120 h.ns -

---- - - - Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rufia, exceeding 3 Inches

Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches, the 120 id's -

----- -- - Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rufia, exceeding 45 Inches

Breadth, the 120 Eils ——

—: — Sail Cloth, the 120 Ells ——

Liquorice Root, the Hundred Weight -Logwood. See Wood.

Lupines, the Hundred Weight ——

Lutestrings or Catlings, the Grots, containing 12 Dozen Knots Madder, viz.

----- - Mull Madder, the Hundred Weight -

----- - Madder of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

----- - Madder Boot, the Hundred Weight -

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna, the Hundred Pounds - - .

Maps, each ——

Marmclade, the Pound

Mattie, W Lite, the Hundred Pounds ——

Malts. See Wood.

Mats of Rufia, the Hundred ——

Matting, the Yard ——

Melasses, the Hundred Weight ——

Mercury Sublimate, the Pound ——

Meta!, viz. Leaf Metal, the Hundred Packets -

Morels, the Pound ——

Mois, viz. Rock Moss, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight -Mum, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons - - - *

m

111

in

111

Duty.

£ d-

0 O 9

0 I 0

0 I 3

0 3 0

0 n 0 10

0 I 8

0 2 9

0 I 10

0 O 2

0 O 4

0 O 2

0 O 3

0 O 1

0 O 1

0 O 3

0 6 0

0 l7 4

0 3 8

0 8 0

0 12 4

0 2 4

O 0 5

O O 7

O 2 3

O I S

O 4 4

O 6 2

O 7 6

O l3 0

O 1 2

O 2 8

O 0 6

O 0 9

O 0 4

O 2 S

O 2 9

O 7 0

O 0 1

O 0 2

O 11 0

O 2 3

O 0 1

O 1 'J a

O 0 3

O 2 0

O 0 3

O Li 10

O 10

Mvali.

A. 1802

602

15° Ju

ARTICLES.

Myrrh, the Hundred Pounds

Necklaces of Glal's, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Dickers, each' Bundle or Dicker containing 12 Necklaces Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Nuts, viz.

---- Chesnuts, the Bushel "

----- Small Nuts, the Bushel ——

Oaker, the Bushel ——

Oakham, the Hundred Weight ——

Oak Plank. See Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

---- Oil of Almonds, the Hundred Pounds

----- - — Anniseed, the Pound - -

— - — Bay, the Hundred Weight -

- - Carraway, the Pound ——

----- - - - Castor Oil, the Gallon -

----- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound

---- Oil of Cinnamon, the Pound - -

----- - - - Cloves, the Pound ——

----- --- - Hemp Seed, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

----- - - - Juniper, the Hundred Pounds -

- - Linleed, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons - -

— - - - Nutmegs, the Pound ——

----- --- - Ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

---- - - - Origanum, the Hundred Pounds - - .

----- --- Palm, the Hundred Weight -

---- Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound

--- Oil of Petroleum, the Pound ——

---- - - - Rhodium, the Pound ——

----- --- - Rosemary, the Pound ——

---- Salad Oil, the Hundred Gallons -

---- Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

---- Oil of Spike, the Pound -

-- - — Thyme, the Pound

---- - - - Turpentine, the Hundred Pounds -

- — - - - Vitriol, the Hundred Pounds -

---- Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

---- Blubber, of Newfoundland, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

- - - - - not of Newfoundland, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

---- Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the

Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Olibinum, or Incense, the Hundred Weight -

Olives, the Hog (head, containing 63 Gallons -Onions, the Bullicl -

Opium, the Pound -

Oranges, the Thousand ——

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon ——

Orchella, the Hundred Weight - -

Orpiment, the Hundred Weight ——

Oriedcw, the Dozen Pounds -

Pearl Barley, or Barley hulled, the Hundred Weight _ - -

Pears, the Bushel ——

—— dried, the Bushel -

Pepper, viz.Long Pepper, the Hundred Pounds -

Pickles, the Gallon ——

Pictures, viz.

----- - of Four Feet square, or upwards, the Picture -

- - - - of Two Feet square, and under Four Feet square, the Picture

----- - under Two Feet square, the Picture -

Pimento, the Hundred Pounds - -

Piflachia Nuts, the Hundred Pounds ——

Pitch, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel containing 31-y Gallons Pix Burgundiie, the Hundred Weight ——

Plader of Paris, the Hundred Pounds ——

Plate, viz.

---- of Gold, wrought, the Ounce Troy -

---- of Silver, ungilt, the Ounce Troy

---- of Silver, Pait gilt, the Ounce Troy -

----- of Silver, gilt, the Ounce Troy ——

Platters. See\\ ood.

Plumbs, dried, the Hundred Pounds ——

Polvuodium, the Pound ——

Duty.

£ s. I 090

o 1 6

0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

4 7

5

6

A ' d 3 0

- 0 0 7

0 5 10

O O 3

- O O 9

m 0 0 4

* O I 0

- O 1 0

- i 6 0

a* 0 10 0

- 1 19 O

- 0 3 O

- 2 4 3

- 1 0 0

m 0 1 4

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 1

- 0 6 0

- 0 0 2

1 1 8

- 2 3 6

- 0 0 2

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 e

- 0 1 10

0 4 3

the 0 11 3

ling 0 16 10

- ' 0 2 3

- 1 0 4

- 0 0 0 0 ey 3 6

0 4 4

0 0 4

0 5 0

- 0 7 3

0 1 10

- 0 0 9

- 0 1 2

0 0 4

- 0 4 0

0 0 3

- CO 0

- I 12 0

- O 16 0

O 2 2

- O 2 0

- 0 3 8

0 0 9

0 0 1

- 0 5 10

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 4

0 0 S

- 0 6 0

0 0 1

Pomegranate,

42 Geo. Ill

60s

150 Junii.

ARTICLES.

Pomegranate Peels, the Hundred Weight

Pomegranates, the Thousand -

Pots, viz.Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the Hundred

Powder of Brass for Japanning, the Pound -

Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight

Prints, viz. Paper Prints, the Piece -

Prunellocs, the Pound -

Prunes, the Hundred Weight

Quickfdver, the Pound -

Quills, viz.

----- --Goose Quills, the Thousand -

*---- — Swan Quills, the Thool'and - -

Radix Contraycrva, the Pound - -

Ipecacuana, the Pound - - .

— Seneca, the Pound Serpentaria, the Pound

Duty.

£. s. d

Vol. 57.

Rags, fit only to make Paper, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight Kailins, viz.

- Denia Raisins, the Hundred Weight ——

- ----- Faro Railins, the Hundred Weight

----- --Lexia Raisins, the Hundred Weight ——

Lipra, or Beividere Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

----- --Smyrna Raisins, the Hundred Weight - - - »

—— of the Sun, the Hundred Weight ——

Raisins, not othenviie enumerated or described, the Hundred Weight

Red W ood. See W ood.

Rhubaib, the Pound ——

Rice, the I lui.dred Wreight -

Rolin, the Hundred Weight -

Rum. See Spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the Hundred Pounds -

SafUower, the Hundred Weight - -

Saffron, the Pound - . - - - - *

Sal Armoniac, the Pound ——

‘ — Succini, the Pound ——

- Tartari, the Pound ——

Salop, the Pound ——

Salt Pet re, the Hundred Weight - -

Sarlapriila, the Hundred Pounds -Saifilras, the Hundred Weight -

Saulages, the Pound ——

Scair.oi.y, the Pound ——

Scoop:. cl Wood. See Wrocd.

Seahorte Teeth, the Pound ——

Seeds, viz.

----- Annifecd, the Hundred Weight ——

.---- Canary Seed, the Hundred Weight -

----- Carta way Seed, the Hundred Wreight ——

----- Clover Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Coriander Seed, the Hundred W eight ——

----- Cummin Seed, the Hundred W eight ——

----- Fennel Seed, the Hundred Pounds - -

----- Garden Seed, the I lundred Pounds ——

----- 1 ucern Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Mallard Seed, the Hundred Weight - - - '

----- Onion Seed, the Hundred Weight ——

----- Rape Seed, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushels -

Sena, the Pound -

Shruff, the Hundred Weight ——

Shovels of Wood. See \\ ood.

Shumack, the Hundred Weight - -

Silk, viz.

----- Rnubs or Ilulks of Silk, thed\)und, containing Sixteen Ounces

----- Haw Silk of Turkey, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

----- Uavv Silk of any other Country, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

----- Thrown Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

----- Wallc Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces -

.---- Wrought Silk, viz. Crapes or Tiffanies, the Pound, containing

16 Ounces - -

Skins, viz.

----- Badger Skins, undressed, the Piece - -

--- Bear Skins, Black, undressed, the Piece -

----- -- - - - White, undressed, the Piece *

— Beaver Skins, undressed, the Piece - - *

0 3 6

0 8 4

0 i 2

0 0 3

0 4 es j

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 2 6

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 4 8

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 *5 9

0 1 4

0 1 5

0 1 10

O 1 5

O 0 10

O 2 9

O 1 4

O 0 8

O 0 8

O 0 4

O 4 Jo.

O 4 IO

O 1 3

O 0 1

O 0 2

O 0 1

O 0 2

O 2 4

O 6 0

O 0 8

O 0 1

O 0 9

O 0 2

O 2 ey

O 2 10

O 0 9

O 2 9

O 0 10

O 1 6

O 3 0

O 4 lO

O 3 0

O 0 6

O 5 0

O 1 5

O 0 2

O 2 8

O 0 10

O 0 1

O 0 7

O 0 8

O 0 9

O 0 2

O 1 3

0 0 2

O 1 0

O 1 0

O 0 3

Skins*

o <y

15

ARTICLES.

A.

Skins, continued.

----- Calabar or Squirrel Skins, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

----- Calve Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

tanned, the Pound -

Cat Skins, undressed, the ioo Skins -Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen -Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin -

----- - Indian, half drelied, the Skin -

Dogfilh Skins, undressed, the Dozen -Elk Skins, undressed, the Skin -

Ermin Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

Fisher Skins, undressed, the Piece

Fitches, undressed, the l imber, of 40 Skins -

Fox Skins (not Black) undressed, the Skin - -

Goat Skins, undressed, the Dozen -- — - - - tanned, the Dczen -Mare Skins, undressed, the 120 -

Kid Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins ----- - dressed, the ico Skins -

Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 dressed in Alum, the 100 Skins

----- Slink Lamb Skins, in the Wool, the 120 -

----- Leopard Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Lion Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Martin Skins, undafled, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

----- Mink Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins -

Otter Skins, undressed, the Piece J

----- Panther Skins, undressed, the Piece -

--- Kaccoon Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

— — Seal Skins, undressed, the Skin -

1---- Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen -

- - - - - dressed, in Oil, the Dozen -

----- ----- - otherwise dressed, the Dozen -

----- Squirrel Skins. See Calabar Skins.

--- Swan Skins, undressed, the Piece -

----- TygerSkins, undressed, the Piece -

----- Wcazel Skins, undressed, the 120

----- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Piece -

Snuff, the Pound ——

Soap, viz. Hard Soap, the Hundred Weight Spars. See Wood.

Spirits, viz.

—— Brandy, the Gallon ——

--- Geneua, the Gallon

--- Kum, the too Gallons -

----- - Spirits, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon -

Duty.

£ s. J.

- - 0 0 9

- - 0 I 2

- - 0 0 i

- - 0 a 3

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 9 2

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 1 0

- - 9 0 7

- 0 1 6

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 1 8

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 1 8

- - 0 3 4

- - 0 3 0

- - 0 3 10

- - 0 3

- - 0 3 1°

- - 0 3 0

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 1 i

- - 0 0 5

- - 0 4 4

- - 0 11 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 x 1

- - 0; 10 10

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 5

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 8

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

2 o o

2

3

3

3

6

1

6

o

o

o

o

the Pound - -- - o

Squilla, the Hundred Weight Stareh, the Hundred Wch ht

r o

Slaves. See Wood.

Suivciacre, the 1 fundred Weight

> t o

Steel, viz.

----- -- Gael Steel, the I hundred Weight -

----- Long Steel, the f kindred Weight

Stock Fi:h, tK 120 -

o

o

o

o

iS

o

o

o

J

o

3

4 4

n

o

8

Basons, Tables, 7viorfar5,andotJicrpolifhccl Marble, the superficial Foot Blocks of Marble, the /oJicl Foot ——

Dog Stones, not exceeding Four Feet in Diameter, above Six Inches,

o zy ' § 7

and under Twelve Inches in Thicknds, tJie iaft containing Three Pair -

Emery Stones, the Ten, containing Twenty Hundred Weight Crave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot tquare, superficial Measure ——

Grave Stones of Marble, unpoliflied, the Foot ft] u a re, superficial

o

o

o

o

o

2 O 1 IO

4 1

0

1

6 4

2 o

o 0 10

\;.uuiik(

Cia\e Stones not of Marble, the Foot fljuarc, superficial Measure -Mill Stones, above Four Feet in Diameter, or it Twelve Inches in Thick iu*fs, or upwards, the Piece ——

Paving St ones, ot Marble, rough or poliflied, the Foot square; luperlicial Measure ——

Paving Stones, not of Marblfc, the 100 Feet square, superficial Mumire ——

Pomice Stones, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

o

o

2

2

O 12

o

2

Stone*

42 Geo. Ill

Vol. 57.

0 cv *

15 Jumi.

605

ARTICLES.

Stones, continued.

Quern Stones, large, Three Feet, and not above Four Feet in Dia-

meter, and not exceeding Six Inches in Thickness, the Last, containing Three Pair ----- -- Quem Stones, small, under Three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches in Thickness, the Last, containing Three

Pair - - -....

----- --Slates, in Frames, the Dozen ——

— ----- -Whetstones, the Hundred ——

Storax Calamita, the Pound - -

---- — Liquida, the Pound - -

Sturgeon, the Keg ——

Succades, the Pound ——

Succus Liquoritise, the Hundred Weight - -

Tails, viz.Martin's Tails, updressed, the Hundred -

Tallow, the Hundred Weight ——

Tamarinds, the Hundred Weight - -

Tar, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 Gallons Terras, the Bushel -

Thread, viz.

----- -- Bridges Thread, the Dozen Pounds -

----- -Sifters Thread, the Pound - - - -

Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the Hundred Pounds -

Tortoishell, the Pound ——

Trays of Wood. See Wood.

Treenails. See Wood.

Trustees, the Pound - -

Tubs of Wood. See Wood.

Turmerit, the Hundred Pounds - - ,

Turpentine, Common, the Ton, containing 20 Hundredweight Twist for Ba'ndftrings, the Dozen Knots -

Valonia, the Hundred Weight ——

Varnish, the Hundred Weight - .-

Verdigrease, viz.

----- ----- -Common, the Hundred Pounds -

----- ----- -Crystallized, the Hundred Pounds - -

Vermillion, the Pound -

Vinegar, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons ——

Vinelloes, the Pound -

Umber, the Hundred Weight ——

Wainscot Logs. See Wood.

Walnuts, the Bushel ——

Water, viz. Pyrmont Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, not exceeding Three Pints ——

Wax, viz.

----- Bees Wax, White, or manufactured, the Hundred Weight

----. - - - - unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight

Weld, the Hundred Weight ——

Whalefins, the Hundred Weight -

Wine, viz.

--- FrenchWine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

----- Madeira Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

----- Rhenish, German, Hungary Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons -

----- Spanljh, Portugal, and all other Wines, not otherwise enumerated, the

Ton, containing 252 Gallons - -

Wire, viz.

----- Brass or Copper Wire, the Hundred Weight -

--- Virginal Wire of Brass or Copper, the Hundred Weight - -

--- Virginal Wire of Iron, the Hundred Weight - -

Woad, viz.

----- Green Woad, the Hundred Weight ——

---- Fhoulouse Woad, the Hundred Weight - -

Wood, viz.

' Anchor Stocks imported from any Part of ,the Piece -

— - Balks, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

_ ----- . — Five Inches square, and under Eight Inches square, or if

Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 -

----- - - - - under Five Inches square, and under Twenty-four Feet in

Length, the 120

----- -Battens imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- -- - - - - Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in

Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding a Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

7?

Duty.

0 4 ip

0 2 .5

0 0 i

0 0 4

0 <D A

0 O 2

0 O 8

0 O %

0 3 h

0 0 1

0 1 IQ

0 1 0

0. £ H

0 0 2

0 7 IO

0 1 II

0. 3 0

0 0 5

0 0 a

0 2 9

0 2 0

0. Q 3

9. _ O .1L

O O 9

O 8 2

O 9 O

O 0 4

I l9 8

O 0 10

Q 0 7

O 0 4

O 0 4

O 7 3

O 5 9

O 0 10

O 1 9

4 4 0

3 3 0

4 14 6

2 2 0

o 10 6

0 12 0

0 9 0

0 0 10

0 1 0

0 0 8

1 11 0

0 8 9

o 6 8

Wood,

6o6

A. 1802

15 Junu.

ARTICLES.

Wood, Continued. ——

Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in I cngth, not above Seven Inches

in Width, or if exceeding Inches in Thickness, the 120

— Batten Ends imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- -- ----- -- under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in

Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120

**- ----- -- under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in

Width, and exceeding z{ Inches in Thickness, the 120-

— - Beech Quarters imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— ----- ----- ----- - under Five Inches square, and under Twenty-four

Feet in Length, the 120 -

---- Boards imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

--- - Clap Boards, not exceeding Five Feet Three Inches in

Length, and under Eight Inches square, the iao - — 1 - - - - Oak Boards, under Two Inches in Thickness, and under

Fifteen Feet in Length, the 120

1 ----- ----- -- - under Two Inches in Thickness, and if Fifteen

Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120

----- -- - - - - Failing Boards hewed on One Side, and not exceeding

Seven Feet in Length, the 120

— a ----- - - hewed on One Side, exceeding Seven Feet

in Length, the 120-

----- --- - - - Pipe Boards, above Five F?et Three Inches in Length, and

" not exceeding Eight Feet in Length, and under Eight

Inches square, the 120

----- -- ---- Scale Boards, the Hundred Weight -

- — — ----- --- Wainlcot Boards, the Inch or Foot, containing Twelve Feet

in Length, and One Inch in Thickness -

--- — -BoxWood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

—: ----- Brazil Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

---- — Brazilletto Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

— - — 1 — Cam Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

— — -Deals, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- - - above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in

- Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness,.

the 120 -

----- ----.-above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in

- Length," and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, the 120

----- --- - - - above Seven Inches in YVidth, being Eight Feet in Length,

and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3! Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

— ----- --- not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding if Inch

in Thickness, the 120 - -

--- — Deal Ends imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- --- - - ---- above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet

in Length, and not exceeding 3! Inches in Thickness, the 120 ——

----- ---- above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet

in Length, and exceeding 3J Inches in Thickness, the 120 ——

---- Ebony, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight -

----- --Fire Wood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— ----- - - ----- the Fathom, Six Feet Wide, and Six Feet high

----- --Fuflic, the Hundred Weight -

----- — Handspikes imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- --- - - - under Seven Feet in Length, the 120

-----; ----- ----- - Seven Feet" in Length, or upwards, the 120

----- — Hoops for Coopers imported from any Part of the 1,000

----- -Knees of Oak imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- --. ----- --Five Inches square and under Eight Inches Iquarc,

the iao -

----- ----- ----- --- - under Five Inches square, the 120

----- -Latlnvood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- in Pieces under Five Feet in Length, the Fathom, Six

Feet wide, and Six Feet high -

----- ----- ---... in Pieces Five Feet in Length, 01 upwards, the Fathom,

Six Feet wide, and Six Feet high - -

----- --Lignum Vita;, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

----- --Logwood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred W eight

----- -Mahogany, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

----- -Malls, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- — ... . Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Mall -

1.

Duty.

£. s. d.

a 13 4

026

o £ 8

d 5 4

o 710 074 o 14 8

016

03?

o 12 3

007

004 o 19 3

217 6

0 10 3

1 3 4

215 o 4 14 2

o II 3

050

o 4.8

068

012 9

007

009

014

014

014

on 5

025

0 3 9

o c 6

068

0 5

o 13

6

o

008

Wood,

42 Geo. III.

150 J

ARTICLES.

Wood, continued. ——

----- --- Mails, Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, the

Ma.ft

----- ---- Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet ——

----- ---- - - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the

Lrnited States of America, viz.

— — - _ - - Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight Inches, the Mart -

----- ----- --- Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches, the

Mail ——

----- ----- Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet < - -

----- — Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight -

---- — Oak PJank, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- ----- ----- Two Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet- - -

----- Oars, imported from any Part of Europe, the 120

-Platters, imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen -

----- Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight

----: — Scoops, imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen -

:---; — Shovels, imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen

----- Spars, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

' ----- ----- - under Twenty-two Feet in Length, and under Four Inches in

Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 - >- -

----- ---- - - 'Twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Four

Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 -

----- ----- Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches, exclusive of

the Bark, the 120 -

----- --- - - - Six Inches in Diameter, or upwards. See Marts.

----- --- Staves imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

— ----- ----- not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three

Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 ——

— ----- - -- above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 126

----- --- - - - above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches

in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 -

— - - - above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - -

—— ----- ---- - above Seventy-two Inches in length, not above Three Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120- -

----- ---- - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the United

States of America, viz.

----- ----- --not exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Length, not above Three

Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

----- - above Thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding Fifty

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

----- ---- - above Fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Sixty Inches

in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 -

----- ----- --above Sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding Seventj'-two

Inches in Length, not above Three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

_ ----- -- - - _ above Seventy-two Inches in Length, not above Three Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, the 120-

----- --- Timber, viz.

----: ----- -- - Fir Timber, viz.

----- ----- ----- --- Eight Inches square, and not exceeding Ten Inches

fiquare, of the Growth of and imported di-

rertly from thence, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet ——

----- ----- - exceeding Ten Inches square, of the Growth of Norway,

and imported directly from thence, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet -

----- - — ----- - Eight Incites square, or upwards, imported from any other Part of Europe, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet ——

Dutw £ *

o 1 4

0 7 *7

0 o S

o u 4

o 7 7

016 o

068

o 13 9

002 160 0 0 2 002

043 087 e 17 to

019

0 3 S

049

064

064

009 009 o 1 3

018 022

018

020

022

Vol.

607

Wood,

C-

6o8

15° Junii.

J. 1802.

ARTICLES.

Wood, continued. " —

----- Timber, Oak Timber, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

----- ----- --- _ Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing

Fifty Cubic Feet ——

5 ----- ---- Oak Timber, the Produce of, and imported from, any Part

of the United States of America, viz.

----- ----- -- Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing

Fifty Cubic Feet -

----- Trays of Wood, the Shock, containing Sixty -

----- Treenails, the Thousand -

— Tubs of Wood, the Dozen - -

----- Wainscot Logs, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- -- -- - Eight Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet -

Wool, viz.

--- Cotton Wool, of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the Hundred

Pounds ——

----- ----- --- of the Growth or Production of any Part of the United

States of America, the Hundred Pounds

----- ----- --- of the Growth or Production of any of the British

Colonies or Plantations, the Hundred Pounds

.....-'--of the Growth or Production of any other Country or

Place, the Hundred Pounds -

--- Hares Wool, the Hundred Pounds - -

Wormfeed, the Pound - - - 1 - -

Yarn, viz.

--- Cotton Yarn, the Hundred Pounds -

- Mohair Yarn, the Pound ——

Yellow Berries, the Hundred Weight ——

Zedoaria, the Pound - - - - ->-

All other Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described, not having been imported into Great Britain by ' the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof -

Duty.

046

0 3 4 005 020 o 0 4

079

o 7 10 o 7 10 0106

0 15 o 029

001

085

003

050

001

3 12 o

on

h r India Goods im-iiltO

Kefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several new and additional Duties herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, having been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the Importation thereof into Ireland;

ARTICLES — Inwards. Duty.

£. s. d.

Callicoes, viz.Plain White Callicoes — Dimity, Plain White Dimity —

Mullins plain — Nanquin Cloth — Mullins or White Callicoes, flowered or Hitched — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described; -

for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction therefrom, except so much as the Duties due and

payable on such Goods respectively shall amount to - - - - 3120

Indico, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - 3120

Cotton Wool, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - 4160

Teas, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies - .- - -.....-3100

Coffee, the Hundred Weight - - 040

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight - 034

Kefolved,

4 2 Geo. III. 15 609

Duties on Goods exported from Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of* this Committee, tioned shall be charged on Exportation from Ireland of That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, herein after enu-the several new and additional Duties herein after men- merated or described.

ARTICLES — Outwards. Duty

£ s- d>

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any l'pecial Provihon, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - o lo o

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture* of Ireland (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provihon, shall be exempted from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - I o

fciyoftlie Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lreUnd.0t That the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for the Year 1802, be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Pybus, Lord George Thynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas Vanfittarl, and Mr. Hi ley Addington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill upon the Fir if of the Resolutions, which, upon Saturday lall, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provihon in the said Bill, pursuant to the Second, Third, and Fourth of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh, of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Alexander, Mr. Carry, Mr. and Mr.

Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the lad of the said Resolutions: And that Mr Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Pill for dif-po/iag of the J*.v i l UUMlt Ho.ilr 111 Dus in, repoitcnl.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury of Ireland for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House, in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the 1 louie; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said foil shall be then in-grofled.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Irish.. , upon the Bill for providing a proper Salary'- for the Office salary BUU S of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Mth Reading of the Bill for the Relief of uncertified Bank- aBiiiJ*pt* rupts in Ireland, be now read. committed*

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Ref ved. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ewi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, th‘e Duty1^ upon the Bill to repeal the additional Duty of Six Goods impounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Im- j^and'/1*0 portation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Four lait of the Re- Instruction. solutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much ot certain Acts, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and-in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duties on Sea Policies of Insurance, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Dufy of Four Shillings granted " on every Policy of Insurance in Ireland, shall cease " and determine.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence. Part of the Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and also the additional Duty of One Shilling,

" which were granted on Sea Insurances made in Ireland,

7 Q "by

' v^.

15° jfunii. A. 1S02.

" by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall not " be charged on any Insurance of Ships or Merchandize " for any Voyage to or from any Part of the United " Kingdom, or the Islands of , ''jersey,

" Sark, or Alan.

" Refohed, That, where the Premium for any Sea " Insurance dull not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every /. 100 inlured. One Half of the Stamp " Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence, granted by art " Act, passed in the 40th Year of the Reign of His " p relent Majesty, and also One Half of the additional " Stamp Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence, granted " by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, on " such Insurances, shall ceal'e and determine.

" Refohed, That there be charged upon every Sea In-

" furance made in Ireland, where the Premium actually " given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every £. 100, or any fractional " Part of £. 100 inlured, the like Duties as are payable " upon Insurances where the Premium actually paid " shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings on the Sum " inlured."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to nuke Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to tire said Resolutions.

Then the House resolved itself intd the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Com-' mil tec.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from tire Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

j

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hill toprev&nt A Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of jrcer stealing, Deer was, according to Order, read a Second Time, lom.nitte . Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

} «<ter].ifr Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second h:il» bill, Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million

n,m..ntt,i. j jvc HUIHlrecl Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exche-

' /

quer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That flic Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 Joule.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

\ oil 11< »t f. i>cr-y.A\: ,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Time lor which I lories may lie let to Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty, and for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages, be now read.

Arn.1 the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Reshed, That the Bill be committed.

Rf shed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Repli ed, That this 1 Joule will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlclr into a Committee of the whole Ilouie, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second MeofMnA Reading of the Bill to continue, lor a Time to be limited, Traile-f'j' Two Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His comra‘ present Majesty, and in the lull Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the lile ‘of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-tnorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

v

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the Second National Dcbl Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the sfiu-om-0^ Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued mitted. and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, be now read:

And the said Order being redd accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for trying Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the trying and osrn"efcom-punishing, in Great Britain, Persons holding Public mittedAbroai Employments, for Offences committed Abroad; and for P^c<1‘ extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King fames, made for the Eale of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom* authorized to commit to safe Custody, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the trying and punishing, in Britain,

Persons holding Public Employments, for Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifft Year of the Reign of King fames, made for the Erne of Justices, and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill tofup-Reading of the Bill to suppress certain Games and Lotteries, not authorized by Law, be now read. committed.

And the said Older beifig read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rij'u hed. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Elfefts bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any BrilljhShip from any Colony ;n

America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Si arch made Ute of in tire Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; rn 1 for better collecting and Louring the Duties of Excite on Wine, Ilotne-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers,-

Rum

Committee on Tortola Free Von Bill.

Bill for further Regulation ^'1 i he Tri.;U ot Con-troy rted y Crums, paned*

Rum (hipped-as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Nr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sj >eaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they lud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

11

To leave out tf upon Five such Petitions," and insert " in order to " form more than Four such Committees," instead thereof.

To leave out " upon Six of such Petitions," and insert " in order to " form more than Five such Committees" instead thereof.

L 10. To leave out " upon Two or more " such Petitions," and insert " in " order to form Two or more such " Committees," instead thereof.

1. i2.7To leave out " upon One of such Pe-' & 13.3 " titions."

1. 13. (To leave out " from the Lift to be &14- i " formed thereon."

1. 16. To leave out " that," and insert " any" instead thereof.

1. 21. To leave out " either," and insert " any" instead thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 31. After " Committee" to insert " to " be ballot ted for on that Day."

Pr. 8. 1. 14. To leave out " Honourable the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That t he Bill do pals And that the Title be, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to thC Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i5° — i6° Junii.

Pr. 4. L 40. Pr. 5. 1. 3.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elect(ions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 30. To leave out " upon the First of such " Petitions," and insert " in order " to form the First Committee, " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1- 3 ITo 1 cave out " upon the Second of

& 4.) " such Petitions," and inlert " in

" order to form the Second Committee according to the said Directions," instead thereof.

1. 9. 7To leave out " upon the Third and & 10.3 " Fourth of such Petitions," and

insert " in order to form the Third " and Fourth Committees," instead thereof.

1. 10. To leave out " of."

}. 11.7 To leave out "arc then to be taken 2c 12.3 " into Consideration," and insert

' as may be requisite for the Trial " of such Petitions," instead thereof.

1. 27. To leave out " upon Two such Petitions," and insert " in order to " form more than One of such " Committees," instead thereof.

I. 29. To leave out " then."

1. 30. After " House " to insert " as the " Time of counting the fame."

1. 32. To leave out " upon Three such Petitions," and insert " in order to " form more than Two such Committees," inftxaJ thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " upon Four such Pcti* " tions," and insert " in order to *c form more than Three such Committees," instead thereof.

Vol. 57.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 160 die

Anno 420 Georgii III*1 Regis, 1802.

PraVers.

SIR Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to Meybchm's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. Bill, re-An Act for naturalizing John R ley bo lun, was committed; auJ

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Buck-for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the S

County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckingkamshire, committed,

deceased, and fot; laying out the Monies thence aril'ng in the Purchase of other Estates; and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl, in the same County, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Buxton, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, inflrudHon who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a B;li, pursuant to the lait of the Leloiutions which w'cre, Yester- inlrithMiUtia.

day.

A. 1802.

16° yunil.

Bill to repeal the Duty on Good* im-

sorted into rclnnd, re- jKjrted.

trish Chancellor'* Salary Bill, reported.

Bill Tor divid ?nu Lottery 'I cktts in 1 v lai.«l into S > rc.s, ro p< :U-l.

Coimniitee on Lords Bills to ht before the Uu.ti i 1111c.

Bill to continue Act for Kc ef of Spiritual Per-lun\ &c. pii <*i.

day, reported from the Committee of the whole House,. to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for holding Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors, and Drummers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of pertain Goods imported by Retailers or Con-fumers, was cofnmitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for {ffoviding a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grollld.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to require Persons, licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of Whole Lottery Tickets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the 1 Ioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-groft'ed.

Ordered, That the several Committees, to whom ingrafted Bills from the Lords, have been committed, have Leave to lit and proceed on the said Bills respectively Tomorrow, or at such other Times after Tomorrow as shall be convenient to them.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now' ingrafted) to continue, for a further lime to be limited, an Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament, for flaying Proceedings in Actions

under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridge ing Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlfi be. An Act to continue, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth; for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the Thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Curei

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Ci^Mn^tn-v'hom the Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, reputed. and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands,

Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Croft on Green, within the Township of in

the West Riding of the County of , uras com-,

raitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House on the 1 ft Day of April last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-mendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the l-ordsAmend-Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, denham ?n-An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- clofureBiil, mon Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of aSreed to*

Bodeuham, in the County of Ilerejord

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 37. 1. 19. Leave out from " fame" to "And," in Pr. 39. 1. 3.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Ioufe.

Ordered, That Lord George Thyme do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, "g"on°inclo-An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- lure Bill, mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common- *Sreed to-able Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of othenvile Dinton, in the county of.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 55. 1. 26. After " Money" insert " not exceeding the Sum authorized to be " borrowed by the said recited Act,

" passed in the Forty-first Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,

was.

LcrdsAmcnd-

r.cuif Poit O ' c* regulation Bill, agreed to.

Infh Militia Di'c^ia ge Bill, prcieutcil.

Committer on Exocnte ot‘ discharging Militia Men in Ireland.

Ferry's Nit. Bill,' r< pjrtedi and passed.

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw do carry the Bill, to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Arhendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending fe> much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the fee reting, embezzling; or destroying, any Letter or Packet lent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than hv the Poll.

And the said Amendments were read; and are aS followed); viz.

I ]" IjCavc Put " knowingly and."

1. 12. I wave out " shall" and insert " at the " Time of buying or receiving the reof, he shall know to."

1. 29. After " which" insert " he, she, or " they, at the Time of buying or re* " cciving thereofand in the same Line, after " flvall" insert " know to."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agictd to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ileary Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Corn presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in belaud: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be read a Second Time.,. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Blackburns of Lancashire reported From the Com-. PhilipsV mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords; reporrrd.'anti intituled, An Act for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth passed. Henrietta Philips, Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey in Fee Farm her undivided Fourth Part; or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying in Fee Farm the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, under

Yearly Reserved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon.

Was committed; That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee! and that the Committee. had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment i And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. B/ackburne of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bonham's dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham, Esquire, with ^nunltted. ' Paulina Lufhiugtonhis now Wife,.and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purpol'cs therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counl'el, and examine Witnesses, for the said BUI; and all'o, that they do hear Count'd, and examine Witnesses; against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Coun-fel, or produce Witnesses:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itl'df into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Mode of reimbursing to the icveral Counties and Places in Ireland the Kxpcncts which such Counties and Places may incur in certain Cates, in consequence of discharging certain Militia Men, respecting the Period ot whole Service Doubts have been entertained, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Blaekburneof Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Denis Ferry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the liune to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tabic.

And the iiiid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburneof Lane a flair e do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

VOL. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for dif-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lord High Trcal'urer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's House in Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City pa te of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances,

thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of , for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispofi? of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises ar d Appurtenances. thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.-

Ordered, That , the Order of the Day; for the Third Bill respecting Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue an Act, coife/in'to made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 37th Yeir of Ireland, and the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ^A[-lcences> " for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, c " and securing the Duties payable thereon;" and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland (not being Maltsters, or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission, or otherwise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Three; art Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty*

7 JR seventh

A. 1802.

seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable orr Licences to Persons in Ireland (not being Maltsters, or Makers of Malt) felling Malt by Commission, or otherwil'e.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third heading of the ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that Persons offending, against the Act Hull be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

And the said Clause was Thrice' read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for extending the Provisions of the Act 17 Geo. III. respecting Rogues and Vagabonds, to such Persons.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for preventing Persons from being prosecuted in both the Ways prescribed by the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 6. 1. 20. After " Boat" to insert n or Tackle, " Apparel, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition thereof, or any Goods " laden on board the same respectively."

1. 27. To leave out from K or" to " hovering," in 1. 28, and insert " pro- ceeded against in due Course of Law for," instead thereof.

I. 31. To leave out " to try the fame," and insert " in such Proceeding as aforesaid," instead thereof.

Pr. 7. I. 3. After " then'' to insert " bound for, or."

1. 21. After Works" to inlert " Flags,

" Firing of Guns, or other Fire Arms."

Pr. 9. 1. 9. To leave out from " fame" to the End of 1. 2. Pr. 10.

Pr. 12. L 29. After " shall" to insert " proceed " against such Person as a Rogue " and Vagabond, in Manner heieinafter mentioned, or."

1.37. To leave out " to."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual 'Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill r to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

lorJiAmend- The House proceeded to take into Confederation the

reipcfting Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, land* for An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in wfwiwich* Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's agreed to Ordnance at Woolwich,

2

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 21. Leave out from " fame" to " that," in Line 25.

1; 27. After " paid" insert " And that the " laid Purchase Monies shall be paid " and applied to such and the same Lies, Intents, and Purposes, as the " said Estates and Interests lb veiled " in the above-mentioned Trustees,

" were limited and settled previous uto the passing of this Act, so far as " the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the mean Time the Rents and Profits of the said uLands and Hereditaments shall be " paid and applied by the said Tmftees to such Person or Persons as were entitled to the fame, and in " such Proportions as the same were " payable previous to the parting of " this Act."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Shazv Lefevrc reported from the Committee, to RirlofAvta.

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An fords Et-Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right r^Xuni honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesjord, and the Dean and jCffcJ. Chapter of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the liime to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Shazv Lefevrc do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to Droop's for. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *nj'pty. Act for naturalizing John Abraham , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing an Act, ^{inwys" made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present passed. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a Body of " Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present " War;" and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the

" Counties

" bounties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of That the Bill be committed.

" the Kingdom, during the present War;" and for the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners of the whole House.

for the Defence of Great Britain. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill resolve kself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. upon the said Bill.

Mutiny Bill, pulled.

Bill respetf ing the Whale Fishery from Milford Ha-ve»n, commuted.

Consolidated Funds Bill, presented.

Scotch School-malters Billy prelected.

Exchequer

BillS Billy

(£;,oco, oooo) p relented.

Bill respefHng Hydrometers, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Beading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts of the 35th and 38th Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfiltartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the ref]>eftive Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two: And the Fame was received; apd read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Fullarton presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for bettering the Condition of the School-masters in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the Firtl Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling " of SchoolsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittartpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Lie of the Hydrometers, now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be dil'continued, and other instruments to be used inllead thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time*

Vol. 57.

A Motion being made. That the ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town of Yjkeibion, in the Parish of Llanynys, in the County of Denbigh, be now

read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do palsAnd that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town of Yjkeibion, in the Parish of Llanynys, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Watkin Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a Plan, to be submitted to His Majesty, for providing additional Committee Rooms and Offices for the Use of this House,

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Corry, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Golding, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Lord Viscount Lord WfcouTit Castlereagh, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lee, Mr. Shaw Lefevre: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland: And the same was received; and reach the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Corry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, and for holding Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals,

Drum Majors, and Drummers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

Yflceit>Jon In-do lure Bill, passed.

Committee appointed to* consider of prodding additional Committee-Rooms* See.

Irish Imports and Exports Bill, presented.

Irish Militia Pay, See. Bill* presented.

Innkeepers Bill, reported,.

6i6

16° Ju.

A. 1802.

a Second Tittfe, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

l.nrd Hutch-in Ton's Annuity Bill, committed*

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him grofled. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, Tlrnt the Order of the Day, for the Second Morning.

Reading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain

Annuity on Lord Hutchinson, Baron HntchinJ'on of Alex andria, and of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinfan Hi all defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Kecked,'I iiat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I

louie.

I'lic Hotife was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods " imported into, and exported from. Great Britain; and M on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, entering Out> " wards or Inwards, in any Port of Great Britain to or " from Foreign Parts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

Committee on Duty on Spermaceti Oil,

Commitfee oft Bill to prevent Dctr Stealing.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, of lb much of the said Act as relates to the Duty on

relbhfe ilfdf into a Committee of the whole House, Spermaceti Oil, and to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

upon the said Bill. the Produce of the Colonies and Plantations in America*

restored to the French and Republics by the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to late Treaty of Peace,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon _ The House accordingly

the Bill more eftl-ftually to prevent the Healing of Deer, be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

relblved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

We. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Customs

Irish F.lcftionj Bill, deferred.

Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, on Blubber, Train Oil, Fi(In Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Duties Bits, committeif-

Tortola Free Port Bill, reported.

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be noW read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cci'500,000) upon the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, be now read.

And the said Order being read acco/cim ly;

The House relblved itfeii into ue: laid Committee.

for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of* Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a upon the said Bill.

Committee of the whole House

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole I louie, to whom die Bill for the better Preservation of 1 loath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, within the New in the County of Soi.Runupton, was committed;

Ordered, Thar the said Report be received Tomorrow Morninm.

Bill for prr-fervin^ Black Game in Newr L oreft, deferred.

Order of the Day, for the Third (now ingrafted) lor consolidatiner

Committee on Fuchrquer Bills J5>:i,

Ordered, That th Reading of the lift, the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Add, and for making further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing DilHcuities in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in respect of Mdiuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, be now read.

And

Bill for confo-lid a ting Acts for Ketiemp-rirm of Land Tax, deferred-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Papfr\&< % Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the Second coinmhu^l' ^eac'ing of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scalcboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolveedy That the Rill be committed.

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That th is House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

MarineMu* The Order of the Day being read, for the Third deterred! Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Stamp Duties The Order of the Day being read, for the Third lids,"deterred. Rca(J'ng of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for allowing a further Time lor Ramping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, passed in the 36th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Duties on Legacies anti Shares of Personal Estates, and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning:.

O

Ommittef on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ll,h a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the

fUpt* *' Relief of uncertified Bankrupts in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Huey Addington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hiley Addington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the house will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

ailtrefpeaing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to jtorfe? ser rcf°'ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon vant*, &c. the Bill for enlarging the Time for which llorfes may be

denned. let to Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty;

and for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into, the said Committee.

The 1 louse, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee o* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand ij.'ii.

Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hiley Addington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hiley Addington reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and madeseveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to sup- use^ai press certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law. Games, &c.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hiley Addington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hiley Addington reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ' fame.'

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Air. Hiley Addington do make the Excise Regu-Report from the Committee of the w-hole House, to ported.1' whom the Bill for exempting from the Auction Duty,

Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on Soap and Starch made Use of -in the Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Audioacers,

Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise, was committed.

Air. Hiley Addington accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That* the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a IraUcBiiU Committee of the whole House, uj>on the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited. Two Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Pur.iament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof;

Air. S|)caker left the Chair.

Air. Hiley Addington took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hiley Addington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 57.

A Aleffage from the Lords, by Air. Ord and Mr. The i^orHs

Wilmoti have agreed to

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia Agju-to revive, and further continue until the Twenty-fifth ta, Us Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, anLCi

and amend, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Alajors of Militia disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act r;h respcaing to amend an Act, made in the IVenty-lccond Year of Poor House*. the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House; without any Amendment: And also,

7 S The

6i8

i 6° — 17 0

A. 1802,

unt to accept The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of Yeomanry and certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services; without any Amendment: And also,

Bo/to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Am for to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed BafionaiUcbt. 'n Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Tor the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also. Bill to enable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Soldiers'to "x- *° enahfe such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have emit Trades, been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades; without any Amendment: And also,

Bin respefling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Account*. ^or directing certain Public Accounts to be laid Annually before Parliament, and few: discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill rrfpcaing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act juitiers of for repealing Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Mi'iiJic&x,&c. an(l Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justicesat the Thames Police Office, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill rcfnfcting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Kianuf^hire *° amen<^ ^1C Laws for the better Regulation of the ©t Ireland^ Linen Manufacture in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

lile of Dogs The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BoaU Bill. for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a Road from the India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Rate life Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of EJfexj and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Street

into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also.

Bod on Bridpe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ami Gaol, be. to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Coun-11' oilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of

Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Wit ham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto; and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough, and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Jyipiyinft for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the h j.cWjier. several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And alto,

The i/ml; The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 1 vc i-:uiid authorizing the leafing of Mines within the Lands be-L>nging to the perpetual Curacy of in the County

B..i. '' of Stajji nd, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands, under the Direction of the 7

Court of Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill reaA Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 17° die Junii;

Anno 42® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon Report on the 9th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- Navigation taining certain Railways to communicate with the Mon- BUMurt*r mouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Com- co ere pany of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the 32d and 37th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Saturday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said.

Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Lord Mul-whom the 'ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Save's Estate Act for enabling the Right honourable Henry Lord Mul- a^d,p2fccued# grave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him; and also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Portions for younger Children when he shall have made further Improvements, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Paul's Elfate the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for r«p°rte<h

veiling Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John mW1 *

Paul, Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of

Wilts,

Durham and Berwick Kuads Bill, feported*

Perry's Estate Bill, reported, and passed*

Wilts, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancer)r, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; -

Pr. 9. 1. 25. At the End of the Line, to insert " of " him and the said."

11 & 15*} ^eave out " Capital and other.'*

Pr. 21. 1. 25. To Leave out " such" and insert " so " much," instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bunion reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and

also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting Two Bridges over the said River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Skynner, Esquire, and Charles Williams,

Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry, Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham, otherwise Tottenhall, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of late the Estate of Catherine Whitehead, deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same Copyhold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof, and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising the reby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Vol. 57.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, to Beardsworth's, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sported, Act for vesting certain Trull Estates, Stocks, Funds, and and'passed. Securities, of which John Beardfworth, Esquire, and Thomas Williams, Esquire, were Trullees, in James Palmer Hobbs, Esquire, and George Burley, Gentleman, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill ter the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Mirquls of ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing Leases to be made of such of the settled reported, Estates of the late Moll honourable Arthur Marquis of paired. Downshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Garthfwre reported from the Committee, to whom Efundas* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ajn Act for enabling the Trullees therein named to lay out the p»ffe<u Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was sett led on the Marriage of Robert Dundas, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments situate in Scotland, in the Manner, and upon the Trulls in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the.

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Garthfiore do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon Report on the 9th Day of this Instant June, was made from the Ancholme Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging Navtganon1 the Powers of an Act, passed in the 7 th Year of the Reign Bill, further of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more considered*

" effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholrne, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River " Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near " a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln,

" to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing " the said Navigation up, or near to, the said River, from " thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln," was committed, and w'hich was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And

620 17 J

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Saturday lad, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Confide rat ion.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Rill, declaring, that the Act shall not extend to prevent Proprietors making Drains on their own Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Litchfield Sir Lawrence Palk reported from the Committee, to BiH^reported, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An anii'pifled. Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Frees, otherwise Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Leaic made thereof, and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Lazvrence Palk do carry the Bill to' the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

lrirn Election* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill, passed. Reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing, that no Commission shall be issued unless certain Notices shall have been given to the Parties.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to preclude Counsel or Agents from pleading or examining Witness'es before the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 7. 1. 6. To leave out "or determined by, and." Pr. 10. 1. 4. To leave out from " alternately" to the End of 1. 17.

Pr. 12. 1. 14. After "Adi" to insert " either as Commissioners or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elec-

'unii. 1802.

tions, or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, of who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to R«ii>n»for the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Lo'-ds/Unend-Amendments, made by their Lord 1 hips to the Bill, inti- mints to tuled. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as this House hath disagreed to; That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons agree to the Nine first Amendments, made by your Lordships, to the said Bill.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press 71. 1. 5. which is, after " Quakers" to insert " resident within the said County,

" Riding, or Place, and dated within the Three Monthsimmediately preceding the Day on which it shall be " produced as aforesaid

Because it does not l'cem expedient to make any Alteration in the Mode of Proof hitherto required by Law, that a Person is a Quaker, in order to entitle the People of that Persuasion to the Exemptions allowed to them under the Militia Laws.

The Commons disagree to tire next Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press. 71. 1. 37. which is, alter " Purpose" to insert " who is or has been in liis Majesty's other Forces, or in the Miiii a

Because this Amendment would have the EiTlct of rendering it very difficult, in many Partj of trie Country, to obtain the Assistance of Surgeons £.r il,v Purpose of inspecting the Men previous to their Enrolment.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment made by your Lordships.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press 83. 1. 4. which is, after " Months" to inlert "and his Term of Service shall " rc-commence from the Date of such Commitment Because it has the Effect of aggravating the Punishment hitherto inflicted by Law on the Offence described, without an adequate Necessity.

The Commons agree to the Eight next Amendments made by your Lordships,

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press 120. 1. 29. which is, after " Term " to insert " the said Term of Sendee to re-commence from the Day on which he shall have returned.

" or have been taken:" For the same Reason for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 83. 1.4.

The Commons agree to the Five next Amendments, made by your Lordships.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment,

Press 164. 1. 33. which is, after " respectively" to insert " or where only One Deputy Lieutenant shall attend,

" then as such Deputy Lieutenant:"

Because it does not seem expedient to give other or further Powers than those described in the Clause as sent from this House.

The Commons decline, at this Time, offering any other Reasons, believing these may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordships not to infill upon this last Amendment, that a Bill l'o necessliry may not be loft.

The Commons agree to the subsequent Amendments made by your Lordships.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subjed MaLer of the Amendments, made by b.e their Lordships, to the said Bill. thaeui'°°'

Ordered,

42 Geo. III.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do go to the Ivorcls, and desire the said Conference.

Croft on In- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for

£j££ 1 ' dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Oj»en and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Green,

within the Township of in the West Hiding of

the County of York, be now read the Third Time;

Mr . Bragge(by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That H is Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con font, as far as His Maufty's Inrercft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think, fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved/YW'Xt the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofion Green, within the Township of Crofion, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Nezvbo/t do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

B M for Sir John Honyzvood, according to Order, reported from

piri.nr.ni; the Commute the whale 11 *use, to whom the Bill

Kv.* )( (j m 7

in v.-w ro.-ert, for the better Prc.l-rvarMn f ILlth Fowl, commonly

r"to tcrl. cr.ib d Black. Gam., wit. in the re Fore/}, in the County of Sontbarnffon, was committe.l, the Amendments which the Committee had male to tie Bill, and which tfr y

had directed him to report to the House; and he read \

the Report in Ins Place; and a A'.wards delivered the Bill, with the Amen in.ent , in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was rc-d.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be read a Second Time upon this Day Month.

The Lords kavc agreed to

Wirk (Worth Inclalti'c, See. lid!, will) an Amend.nek. t*

!r*l

Inc'1 L ilj will] an Aini.nin.ciit.

SI Mir. uru ri*«i\‘ t ti Il'cit'r.MC ii'.ll, vth Asiitnd*

PC.tv.

The Lo*«»s b \c ti'cU

S

Eti.iic LilL

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepysand Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of /I i;ksworth, in the County of Derby, for protect ing

certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Wade ! anT, and tur the better securing a Supply of Water lor the Lie of the Inhabitants: of the Town of in the said County; with an Amendment; to which A madment the Louis desire the Concurrence of this IL'ule: And ailo,

The ! ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividin?, allottir.g, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fidels, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common-abic Lands, and W aite Grounds, within the Patiih of Hanning on, in the County of Northampton-, with

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Cor.curivr.ce ol this House: And also.

The 1 owls l ave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for divining, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Linds and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of lin-ton a:id Helved!,in the County of Bedford-, with

fume Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Pieces or Parcels cf Ground, and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of heretofore

the K'tates cf 7 her:as Taylor, Esquire, the Father, and ej at Taylor, Inquire, the Son, both deccal'ed, and fe-

*«.; a I 1 caichoid Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Dilate of dural: Otway, Widow, deceased, inTrufixes,

VOL. 57.

to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill read. Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto j?e^?on subscribed, being respectively Owners, or Part Owners, grafting of Brit if!) Ships, resident within the Limits of the Port of Duties on London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from. Great and on the Tonnage of Ships and VefteL entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts; and praying. That so rrmcu of the said Act as imposes Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and on the Importation of Oil and Skins, the Produce of the British Fisheries, may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that he Lords agree having (according to Order) been with the Lords, to to a Conte* desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the-Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same Tomorrow, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Tortola Fr*« Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Irish Militia Reading of the Bill for authorizing, and rendering valid, DischargeBiMj the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, be now committe read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it of

was referred to consider of the Mode of reimbursing to MHitia\?fa the several Counties and Places in Ireland the Expences in Ireland, which such Counties and Places may incur in certain Cafes, in consequence of discharging certain Militia Men, respecting the Period of whose Service Doubts have been entertained, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

7 T Clerk'*

622 170 Junii. 1802.

Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is iuft and equitable that Compensation should be made to the several Counties and Places in who may incur any Expence in consequence of the - Discharge of certain Militia Men, whenever it shall

appear, from the Tenor of the several Attentions, that any of the Men so discharged were legally bound to serve for a further Period than that at which they were, or may hereafter be, so severally discharged.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, should be authorized to order and direct, from Time to Time, such Sum or Sums of Money as may appear to him or them necessary for reimbursing to the several Counties and Places in Ireland the Expences which such Counties and Places may incur, in certain Cafes, in consequence of discharging certain Militia Men, respecting the Periods of whole Service Doubts have been entertained, to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace for such Counties and Places, to be by him accounted for, by any of the Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue out of any Public Monies in their Hands, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and every Sum so paid by any Collector shall be allowed to every such Collector in his Accounts.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

'In/trustior. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

irish Chan- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Sin°paiicda,y Rcat'*ng of the Bill (now ingrafted) for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper ' of the Great Seal of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr I Henr Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable Goods im?° on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods itrt- ported into ported by Retailers or Consumers, was, according to Irean Order, read the Third Tipie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to require Persons, licensed Bill for di»i*> to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of Whole Lottery Tickets, was, ac- ird.in^into cording to Order, read the Third Time. Shares, paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of Whole LotteryTickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Innkeeper* Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for increasing the Bl11' Passed' Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M trine Mminy Bill,

-imp Duties filial ion B:ll,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third OrThat the Order of the Day, for the Third Excise Regu. Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for exempting Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in read. for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship

And the said Order being read accordingly; from any British Colony in America, or from any Part

The laid Bill was read the Third Time. of the United States; for repealing the Allowances on

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Soap and Starch made Use of in the Woollen, Linen, be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal and Cotton Manufactories; and for better collecting Marine Forces while on Shore. and securing the Duties of Excite on Wine, Home-made

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum Dripped as Stores, and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of

Excise, be now read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third And the said Order being read accordingly;

Reading of the ingrossed Bill for allowing a further Time The said Bill was read the Third Time, for stamping certain Deeds; for amending an Act, passed Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the 36th Year of i lis prcllnt Majesty's Reign, relating be, An Act for exempting from the AuCiion Duty, to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods and for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment imported in any Ship from any British Colony in

of Du tv, be now read. America, or from any Part of the United States; for

And the said Order being read accordingly; better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on

The laid Bill was read the Third Time. Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum

Re,dived. Tint the Bill do pass: And that the Title flopped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize charge-be. An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds able with Duties of E.xcile; lor granting a further A1-. until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand lowar.ee of Salt in the curing and preferring of Pilchards Flight hundred and Two; for amending an Act, passed and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Files to be in the Thirty-sixth, Year of the ltcign of His present nude free of Duty.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. ifo/ry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

trifhMilit'i Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Pay, &c. Bill, Reading of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay commute . t[)C MJJitia of Ireland, for One Year, and for holding

Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors, and Drummers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia Hull not be embodied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

O t *

upon the said Bill.

rvHiicon A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Tlut the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, on the Public Debt,' I ft of February 1793, was £.238,231,248, exclusive of &c.adjournal. Long and Short Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,530; of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £.10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for Redeeming the National Debt, and the Annuities, to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the actual Amount of the Debt, on the lit of February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and tout, on the 1 ft of February 1802, Stock, to the Amount of £.39,885,308, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock, to the Amount of £. 18,001,148, had been transferred to them on Account of land Tax redeemed, and Annuities, to the Amount of £.125,707, had fallen in, reducing, on the ill of Febru.ry 1802, the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to£. 180,344,792, and the Annuities to

Anda Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Seven night.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an vented*for the Account the Sums advanced by, and not reimbursed

Provisional to, the respective Receivers General in England and Cav.iiry, or- IF,ties, on Account of the Provisional Cavalry, as late as detcil‘ the tame can be made up.

Resolved, That this House will, To-hiorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for bettering the Condition of the School- Scotch School^ mailers in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Committed!* Sixth Session of the First Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling of " Schools," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Sum of live Millions, by Loans Exchequer or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for (^po^oooo) the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, was, committed, according to Order, read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mo draw Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to autho- BUII respecting rize, for a Time to be limited, the Lord High Treasurer } or Commissioners of the Treasury in and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other Instruments to be used inllead thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received-To-morrow Morning.

Commitve on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ex- ->iiliuy from tending the Provisions of Two Acts of the 35th and Ujve°n<1 38th Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate ven* to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments the:cunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Oonfniia, red A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Funds B it, Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of committed, tie cut Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was, according to Order, rend a Second Time.

Refdved, 'That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Yol. 57.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Irish import* Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from,

Ireland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. mined.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord nuUyBdU

Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

17° Jumt. .1802.

Committee oft The House, according* to Order, resolved itself into Bill re prevent a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Deer Stea ing. t^e ]$ill more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exchequer Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bills Bill, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the rted°°^ for ra*sing the Sum of One Million Five Hundred jepoi e . 'p|loufan(j Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

fcrport on Duty on Spermaceti Oil, &c.

InflrUiiiojI*

Air. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, as relates to the Duty on Spermaceti Oil, and to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce of the Colonies and Plantations in America, re I to red to the French and Batavian Republics by the late Treaty of Peace, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty, granted by any Act of this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, shall cease and 'determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Three Shillings and Ten rcncc be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Spermaceti Oil, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Goods, Warcs, and Merchandize, the Produce of, and imported directly into this Kingdom, from any of the Colonies and Plantations in America, restored to the French and Batavian Republics by the late Treaty of Peace, be permitted, for a Time to be limited, to be landed, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole ] lutife, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament on l>i..bber. Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India 4.

Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

" The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Custom* relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- Bill for coning of the ingrossed Bill for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale Redemption of the Land Tax, into One Act; and for making further Land Tax,

Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for de er removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Electiorts for Counties in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the 1 -and Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to P*?". resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon defa-wi the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Palle-boards, Aiillboards, Scalcboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in, Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Air. Henry Alexander do make ‘the Re- ir;fh port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Bankrupt* the Bill for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts in -land, was committed.

Air. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had'directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Saturday Alorning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill resetting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Dut'Ci on the Bill for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be vanu, &c. let to Hire without being subject to any Annual Duty; and for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Air. Henry Alexander do make the Re- iflc of Mia port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, Two Acts, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of His pro-sent Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, f >r the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof, was committed.

Air. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which tire Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendment,

42 Geo. III. 170 — 18° yutni. 625

Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment \vas Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

National Debt Ordered, That Mr. Hairy Alexander do make the Re-i^i^reported. Port ^rom Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be ifi'ued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the lloulc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were'Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty *s Reign, relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually arfiendirtg, widen- Durham and irtg, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from RoaTi'^ Bill, the Turnpike Road at Buekton Burn, in the County of parted. Durham, through Berzviek-upon-Tweed, to hammer ton

Hill, and also f:veral other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Towm of Berwick; and also for erecting Two Bridges over the said River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Rond leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhilt, in the said County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buekton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tzveed, to Lammerton

and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick-, and also for erecting Two Bridges

over the River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to suppress illegal Gaines, &c. reported.

Monmomh-shire Canal Navigation liiJl, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law, was committed.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

And then the I louse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Junii;

Anno 42® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining certain Railways to cumminkate with the shire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors ot that Navigation to raiie a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the 32d and 37th Years ot His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal?: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Rlonmoy.thjidre Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors Vot, 57.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, wshWinyton An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- and Holweii mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other agreedto.Bl11 Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shit/ington and Holwell, in the County of Bedford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 30. I.25. After "recovered" insert "and the " Surplus, if any, of such Sum and " Sums, shall be appropriated in the " Manner directed by the said Act " of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, with respect to the " Money paid for the Purchase or " Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the " Timber or Wood growing the re-

Pr. 39. 1. 25. Leave out from " Tythes" to the End of the Ciaule.

Pr. 45. 1. 22. Leave out from " Tenements " to the End of the Clause, and insert " in " pursuance of this Act, shall be applied in the Manner directed by " the said Act of the Forty-first " Year of the present Reign, with " respect to the Money to be paid " for the Purchase or Exchange of " any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Timber or " Wood growing thereon."

Pr. 52. 1. 31. Leave out from " Reign " to the End of the Ciaule.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hvhhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lords

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

7 U An agreed to.

6 26

18° Junii.

A. 1802.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followethj viz.

Pr. io. 1. 18. After " therein" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any Person or " Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or " affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting " to any such Claim or Claims,

" shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims,

Rights and Interests, respectively " tried at Law, and the Person or " Persons so desirous to have the " same tried at Law, shall, by them- selves or their respective Agents " or Attornies, give Notice thereof " in Writing, to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them,

" within Two Months after such " Determination shall have been " so made by the said Commissioners (of which Notice the said " Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt " thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or " their respective Agents or At- tornies, by Writing under their " respective Hands, to be delivered * to or left at the usual Place of " Abode of such Party or Parties, * Agents or Attornies, respectively) 4‘ then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Per- fons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs or " Assigns, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the fame, at the next " Assizes to be holden for the " County of Northampton after such " Notice given as aforesaid, in a " feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose to be commenced " in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by the Person or " Persons, Body or Bodies Politic " or Corporate, their respective " Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, giv- ing such Notice as aforesaid, " against the adverse Party making " such Claim or Objection as aforesaid; and the Defendant or De- fendants in such Action or Ac- tions shall forthwith name an " Attorney or Attornies, who shall " file Common Bail, or appear and " accept One or more Issue or " Issues, whereby all such Claim or " Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and deter- mined (such Issue or Issues to be " settled by the proper Officers of " the Court wherein such Action " or Actions shall be commenced.

if the Parties shall differ about " the fame); and the Verdict or " Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions, shall be final and conclusive to all and " every Person and Persons, Body " and Bodies Politic and Corporate " whomsoever; and after any Ver- dist or Verdicts shall have been " obtained, and not set aside by the " Court, the said Commissioners " shall and are hereby authorized " and required to conform thereto:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which " any Action commenced in pur- fuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause /

" shewn, to put off the Trial of " such Action, or to award a new " Trial therein, although the Time " hereinbefore limited for the Trial " of such Action may be thereby exceeded." '

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir Robert Buxton reported from the Committee, to Earl of Buck-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An i"|bafh.‘re'* Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the reported, and County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckinghamshire, paired, deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates; and for felling Timber on the fottled Estates late of the said Earl in the same '

Cojunty, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Morgan'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ®~rt«d?and Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, and Charles palfed. Morgan, Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, deviled by the Will of the late John Morgan, Esquire; and to enable the said Charles

Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates of which he is Tenant for Life in Possession under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third National Debt Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty,

42 Geo. Ilf.

18° J

6 27

Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th of 1802, from the Officers of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5th "January 1774, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers; the Names of such Officers, and in what Situ-

be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two ations they were or are employed; the Sums originally Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be of the Payments which have been made in Discharge by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners thereof, for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to ftip-preis illegal Games, ic. passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was* read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to suppress certain Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law, be now the Members of the House.

read. The said Account is preserved amongst the other

And the said Order being read accordingly; Papers of this Session.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Minutes of Bill, by way of Ryder, providing, that Persons offending the 10th Day of this Instant June, was made from the 0,1

against the A5 shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, respe»ing And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in 1^'to Quciiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Common Council assembled; and all'o, the Petition of belaid on the made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder. the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Table.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- Canal, were severally referred, might be read. ' .

1.

27.

to

Pr. 4. 1. 15. 1. 16.

posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. I.23. After "Exchequer"

" Information."

To leave out from " Successors " the End of 1. 1. Pr. 3.

After " said " to insert " Lotteries " called."

After " or " to insert " other," and after " Lotteries " to insert " not " authorized by Parliament."

Pr. 5. 1. 32. To leave out " an Act " and insert " the said Atfts, " instead thereof. After " the " to insert " Seventeenth " and and to leave out "Year" and insert "Years," instead thereof. After " Lottery" to insert " by this " Act prohibited."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That tnc Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the same being read accordingly; to insert " by Ordered, That the original Minutes of the said Committee be laid upon the Table.

1 as />

ao-

Pr. 6. 1. 12.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raffing the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:' And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (£.1,500,000) passed.

Paul's Fit ate Bill* passed, u itli Amendments'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third B!I1 so.r be, An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not Reading of the ingrossed Bill for consolidating the Pro- aAs f'or*t,nS authorized by Law. visions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption Redemption

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill and Sale of the Land Tax into One Act, and for making 0*g^n‘l 1 to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. further Provisions for the Redemption and Sale thereof;

and for removing Difficulties in ascertaining the Right An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Counties in for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Wijl of respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land John Paul, Esquire, situate in the County' of Wilts, in Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased,'

John Paul Paid, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, allowing the Commissioners to

the L ies and fruits of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of G/o; and for vesting the Residue of the said deviled Estates, in the County of ll'iits, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the

Monies to arise by such Saie, under the Direction of the adjust the Proportion of Land Tax to be borne by Per-Cov.rt of Chancery', in the Purchase of other Estates, to fons possessed of Rent Charges.

be lettled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the the Third lime. Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring all Contracts made to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amend- under former Acts to be valid.

Account of Arror.rs, &c. of Customs in Scotland, presented.

ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

V

The House being informed that Mr. Robert Milford (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) VOL. 57.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill;

Pr.

Cole'* Name Hill, Comnutted.

Committee to tit Tomorrow

F lft India Company's Revenue Ac-conns, pre-Unted.

18" Junii. A. 1802.

Pr. 272. I.18. After "of" to insert "Knights of " the Shire or other."

1. 20. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " by" in I. 26.

1. 33. To leave out from " any" to the End ofh 37.

I.38. Atter "Shire" to insert " or other " Member or Members."

Pr. 273. 1. 11. After "aforesaid" to insert *£ without being compelled to flicvv that " such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, have been assessed to the " Land Tax."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act forconfolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to lerve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for enabling the Reverend William Loggia to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle EdzvardCole, Esquire, deceased, was

read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric , Sec.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and in Benares and Oude-, distin-gu.thing the tunic under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications; of coilcfting the Revenues and Customs; and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium; and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the lad Advices; together with the late it Etlimato of the lame: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijja, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Dut ies, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1S00/1, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Ber.ares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under 9

the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications; of coilcfting the Revenues and Customs; the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium; and the Charges of the Stamp Office for the same Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Prciidency of Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c.; and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6. A Companion of the Elutriated Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c.; Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1800/1; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguish-ing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also, N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor* dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for the Year 1800/i; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and coilcfting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 10. (a.) An Account of the Expences of the Rc« fidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 10. (b.) Amount of the Expences of the Island

of

Appendix,

(No. 98.)

East India Accounts, ordered*

East Ind a Annual Account, Slc. to b; printed*

42 Geo. III.

df Saint Helena and the Factory of for Three

Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ill May 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 1 ft May 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also,

N° 13. Abstract: Estimate of the Probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1801 to 30th April 1802: And also,

N® 1 5. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint , and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts, owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the Roll Indies, on the 30th April 1801, the Rates of Interests which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between 30th April 1800 and ift May 1801, agreeable to the Court's Orders of 25th June 1793: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Dist burfements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from 1 ft May 1800 to 30th April 1801: And also,

N® 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, at the Conclusion of the Year 1800/1: And also,

N® 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1800/1; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency, not added to the Invoice.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers. And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I louse.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.:

The said Accounts and Papers, from N° 11. inclusive, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the others are inforted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the ift of March 1801 to the ift of March 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift of March 1801 to the ift of March 1802.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account and Paper, which were pfefented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last, by Mr. Owen, from the Vol. 57.

629

Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being ihformed that Mr. Owen (fronvthe Part: Directors of the East India Company) attended- at t lie' ^rented?

Door; he u-as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of the F.ajl India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on the ift Day of March 1802: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift March 1801 to the ift March 1802.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be suffi Jcnt for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers cf th: Sciftort.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers Ancholtn* of an Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effec- Bill,‘paiVe«. " tual draining the Lands lying in the Level of " in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a " Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln,

" to the Town of Giamford Briggs; and for continuing " thd said Navigation up or near to the said River, from '

" thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Line obi," was read the Third Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of " in the County of Lincoln, and making the River " cholmenavigable from the River Humber, at or near a " Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to

" the Town of Giamford Briggs, and for continuing the " said Navigation up or near to the said River, from " thence to Bishop Briggs, in -the said County of Lincoln."

Ordered, That Mr. Ell;/'ondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Fowler (from Paper* pre-the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door; *

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purftutnt to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Statement of the Expences incurred for the Pay- Redemption ment of Salaries to the Commissioners, Clerks, and otL3n<tTax, Officers, under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for discharging the incidental Expences attending the Execution of those Acts, from the 5th of April 1801- (the Period to which the last Statement was made up) to the 5th April 180a, as far as the same can be ascertained. '

> Mr. Foivler also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums advanced by, and not reim- Provisional bursed to, the respective Receivers General in England Cavall>‘* and Wales, on Account of the Provisional Cavalry, as late as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Statement and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Statement arid Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Statement is infeVted in the Appendix to this Volume; and the said Account is preserved (No. 99-) amongst the other Papers of this Session.

7 X A Petition

ration of A Petition of the uncertificated Bankrupts confined in KinkrapM^n His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the ttie Fleet, for House, and read; Setting forth, That, through great Relief! Losses in Trade, and other unavoidable Misfortunes, Commissions of Bankruptcy have been issued against the Petitioners; and, notwithstanding the y have duly and driftly complied with the Bankrupt Laws, they have l»ot been able to procure the Signatures of forrte of their Creditors, the said Laws absolutely requiring the Signatures of Four-Fifths in Number and Value of i'uch Creditors, who shall have proved their Debts under the Commission, to the Completion of the Bankrupt's Certificate; and that some of their Creditors have offered to sign the Certificates of the Petitioners, provided their Friends would pay them certain Compositions, in Discharge of the Debts they have proved against the said Bankrupts Estates; but as the Payment of any. Composition whatever, on Behalf of the Bankrupt, would render his Certificate null and void, no Composition for such Purpose can possibly be made; and that, in consequence of the Petitioners not having been able to get their Certificates signed as the Law directs, they have been arrested for Debts contracted previous to their respective Commissions being issued, and in Discharge of their Bail, have been surrendered to the Fleet Prifdn;

and that the Petitioners have surrendered the Whole of

their Property and Effects, and, in consequence of being immured within the Walls of a Prison, are now, with' their Wives and Families, in the greatest Distress j and-that, as the Legislature is pleased to afford Relief to unJ certificated Bankrupts in the Petitioners hope the

House will, at the same Time, commiserate their unhappy Situation, so that they may be united in the same Act. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Isle of Man Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third leading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Third Time. Time to be limited, Two Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. , . I

mu to prevent Mr. Henry Alexander, according td Order,'yeporfed

r^ted.1*1"8, from Committee of the whole House, to whom thb reperc Q|]j more effectually to prevent the Healing of Deer,'

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where' the Amendments were Once read throughout and! then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Lord Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported

Anouit^ Bill ^rom Committee of the whole House, to whom the rcpurtex Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson, Baron Hutchinf of Alexandria, and of -

lofty, in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Per* fons to whom the Title ot Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report 9

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's.Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported BiHrespecting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported!'6"' Bill to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain,-and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discoqtinued, and other Instruments to be used instead thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hifn to report to the House; and he read the Report -in his Place; and afterwards delivered . the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfe ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr , Hettry Alexander, according to Order, reported Blilrespectinj from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts of the Milford 35th and 38th Years of His present Majesty, so far as re* they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to p

Mtlford Haven for the Purpose of carrying an the Southern Whale Fishery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which- they had directed him to report to the House; asefehe. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TableWhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,..W'ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said . Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Time being come; for the'*Conference with the Conference Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments, *'cely^d made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for (Militia amending: the Laws, relating to the Militia in England, Law*.) and for augmenting the Militia;

Ordered,iThat the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the said Amendments as this House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Cony, the Lord Sheffield, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Sir Henry Paulet St. John , Mr.

Lee, Sir Robert Buxton,. Mr. Tyrwhitt, Sir Nathaniel Holland, Mr. Shaw Lefevrt, Mr., Jodrell,-a.nd Sir George Fitzgerald Hill,. be added.to the said Managers.

Then the Names of the Managers, were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Secretary at War reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed by the -

Duke

r '

42 Geo. III. r8 Junii.

Duke of Norfolk on the Part of the Lords; and that they had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for' disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lord ships to the said Bill, as this House hath di (agreed to; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Tli* Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

have greed Wilmot:

Bill for Mr. Speaker,

licensing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

additional to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Coaches^ Hackney Coaches; without any Amendment: And also,

&c- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act (Exmring to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of April Laws.) One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and to amend Several Acts, pafild in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth, and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries; and to continue, until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; without any Amendment: And also.

Neutral Ships The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blll‘ for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral. Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu there-' of, to Continue until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four; without any Amendment: And also,

Medway Na- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

vigation Bill. for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medivayfirom the 1 own of,

through the several Parishes of , Boxley, Ailing-

ton, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River; without any Amendment: And also, Cla'i'ow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Glebe Bill. for fcu:ng the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of

go:c, in the County of Lanark; without any Amendment; And also,

Foikton, s. c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inct&iurc Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inefofing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Carr I and3, Waites, arid Commonable Places, within the Township of Foikton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of

manby and West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Foikton, in the

East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Hull Docks The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill,w;th for amending an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of men men s. l^oign of 1 Us present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs " at Kingston-upon-Hnil; for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Custfems, and for the'Benefit of "Commerce in the Port of; for

" making.Baiuns or Docks, with llefervoirS, Sluices, " Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of " Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying " certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Custbnis " at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and " Port of Kingiton-upon-Hul!;" and also for making additional Batons Or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the Riven Humber; and for granting certain La rids belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works; with some Amendments; to which ‘Vol. 57. '

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, anc^Ex*1*^* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- Bill, tional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Henry Alexander took the- Ch^ir of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow !

Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for DischargeBiU. authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

‘Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. .

Ordered, That the Report be* received 1'0-morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of for One Year; and for bolding Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors, and Drummers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

Mr. Speaker.left the Chair.

ML Henry Alexander. took the Chair of the Committee....

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and madeseveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed.him to report, when the House will please to receive the fape.- ,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Accounts of count of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distri- onji"ttibmors butors of Stamps in Great Britain, and in the Hands of of Stamps, to the Receiver General in London, on the 5th Da^ of Ja- be printed.. v.uay, 1801 and the 5th Day of Jamiary 1802* and also, of the Account of the several Sums of Money paid, i

ini the Year ending 5th January 1802, into the Exchequer by the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties,

on Account of Monies remitted by the Head Distributnr of Stamps in Scotland, be printed, as shall be.

fulticient for the Use of the Members of the House. , *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aLift Lift of Public of Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, since the 5th July 1785, whereon no Progress has been made, or . which have aeither baan Rated or declared; diilin-

guithing

6 3a

guishing those which are under Examination from those on which no Proceeding has been had; specifying the Names and Services of the Accountants, the Time when their Accounts were delivered in, the Amount of the Charge and Discharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances due thereon.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fo °nSUr i^ccount rea^ Value of Foreign Merchandize exchange, exported, and of all Imports into Great , for Two

ported and im- Years ending eth "January 1802; distinguishing each

ported, order- vr r ed. 1 ear>

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Dutie'swfrc^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Hone, ser- the Bill for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be rants, See. Jet to Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty;

and for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; inAruftion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for authorizing the Allowance, in the Accounts of the Receivers General, of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Conioi'ihTcd" The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Funds Bill, resolve itself into a'Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two;

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1802.

raising the Sum of Five Millions by Ix>ans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oa. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- jii

pealing the Duties granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, ox Man, from Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow >

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the °*

whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties Duties Bill on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in, Great Britain-, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mt. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Golding took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Golding reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 19* die;

18° — 19" Junii.

Schootnufter* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to BBl/dcferred.' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for bettering the Condition of the Schoolmasters in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign; of King William, intituled, " Act for settling of

"Schools;"

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Exdif^ue" The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Biiii Bill, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for (£.5,000,000.)

Anno 42* Georgii III*'1 Regis, i8oz.

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. John - Accounts of

Jon (from the Commissioners for building a Bridge wdtminster cross the River 'Thames, from the City of Westminster to rented.'pre* the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book intituled, " One Year's Accounts of the Commissioners

4< Geo. III.

O iV

19 ju

6y$

" C'.'mmissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 5th April " iSci to 5th April 1802; and also the Minutes of their " Proceedings to the 29th 1801."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Book is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Sdlion.

Info imports Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do make the Report from f ''c Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Hir. Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland, was committed.

Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill lb all be then ingroli'ed.

Irish Militia Ordered, That Mr. Hob house do make the Report from ^1C Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for Or.e Year; and for holding Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors, and Drummers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, was committed.

Mr. Hvbhouse accordingly re; orted from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put> thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Minutes of Mr. Alderman Curtispresented to the House, pursuant Committee on to their Order,

n>ett!ng5pT<i- T'he Original Minutes of the Committee, to whont

dmgton Mar- the Pet itions relating to Paddington Market were referred, ket, preiciued. Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

irith Militia Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do make the Report from Biik^reported. ^ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in was committed.

Mr. Hobhouseaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 57.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the Relief of uncertified Mfh Bank-Bankrupts in Ireland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the . Lo'd*

, r . Amendments

Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti- to Hull Docks tuled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Four- Bills> agreed teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public " Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull; for the " better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the " Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making Basons or

" Docks, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other " Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the " said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums " of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said " Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other " necessary Regulations within the Town and Port " of Kingston-upon-Hullj" and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said W-irks.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 60. I.20. After the first "the" insert '"said " Office of;" and in the same Line, and Line 21, leave out " of the said " Office."

P. 65. 1. 16. Leave out from "granted" to " to," in Line 19.

1. 19. After " raise" insert " Money towards " defraying."

1. 20. Leave out from " the " to " making," in Line 24, and insert " Expences " of."

Pr. 67. ,1. 13. Leave out from " proper" to " and, " in Line 27.

Pr, 73. 1. 8. After the Second " Gates" insert Clauses (A.) (B.) (C.) and (D.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " the whole Monies which shall be " agreed to be paid for any Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" purchased by the said Dock " Company for the Purposes last " hereinbefore mentioned, which " shall belong to any Corporation,

" Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or " Person or Persons under any other " Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, shall be laid out by and with the Approbation of the Court of " Chancery, in the Purchase of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an " Estate in Fee Simple in Possession,

" situate in the Town or County of " the Town, of Kingston-upon-Hull " aforesaid, and East Riding of the " County of York, or one of them,

" whereof not more than One-Sixth " shall be Copyhold; all which 7 Y " Premises

634

Clause (B.)

i 90 Junii.

' A. 1802.

" Premises so to be purchased as "last aforesaid, shall be conveyed, " settled, and assured, to such Uses, " and upon such Trusts, Intents, " and Purposes, and under and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, " Directions, and Limitations, as " the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by " the said Dock Company as last " aforesaid, shall at the Time of " such respective Purchases (land " limited, settled, and assured, or " such of them as flia.ll be then " existing and undetermined, and " capable of taking Effect, or as " near thereto as the Nature and " Quality of the Estates so to be " purchased will admit of."

" And be it further Enacted, That the said Dock Company shall pay " the Purchase Money which shall. " be agreed to be paid by them for " the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for " the Purposes last hereinbefore " mentioned, which shall belong to " any Corporation, Feme Covert, " Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or " Incapacity as aforesaid, into the " Bank of England, in the Name " and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of " Chancery, to be placed to their " Account ex parte the said Dock " Company, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of " the Twelfth Year of King George " the First, Chapter the Thirtysecond, and the General Orders " of the said Court, and without " Fee or Reward, according to the " Act of the Twelfth Year of King " George the Second, Chapter the " Twenty-fourth, which Monies, when so paid in, shall be laid out " in the Purchase of Navy or Vicmailing or Transport Bills, or " Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money to " be laid out in the said Navy or " Victualling or Transport Bills, or " Exchequer Bills, and the Money " received for the same as they " shall be respectively paid off by " Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant " General in the Purchase of other " Navy or Victualling or Transport " Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all " which laid Navy or Victualling " or Transport Bills, and Exchequer " Bills, shall be deposited in the " Bank in the Name of the said " Accountant General, and shall " there remain until a proper Purchase or proper Purchases shall be " found and approved of as aforesaid, and until the same shall, " upon a Petition to be preferred " to the Court of Chancery in a " fumtnary Way, by or on the Behall of the Person or Persons for " the Time being entitled to the " Freeh old or Inheritance of the 8

" Lands or Hereditaments so to be " purchased, be ordered to be sold " by the said Accountant General " for completing such Purchase or " Purchases, in such Manner as the "laid Court shall think just, and

" direct; and if the Money arisingby the Sale of such Navy or " Victualling or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the " Amount of the original Purchase " Money so laid out as aforesaid, " then, and in that same only, the " Surplus which shall remain shall " be paid to such Person or Persons " respectively as would have been " entitled to receive the Rents and " Profits of the Lands directed to " be purchased, in case the same " had been purchased pursuant to " the Direction of this Act, or to " the Representative of such Person or Persons."

Clause (C.) "And be it further Enacted, That " the Certificate and Certificates " of the said Accountant General, " together with the Receipt and " Receipts of the Cashier of the " Bank, to be thereto annexed and " therewith filed in the llegifter " Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the " Bank of England by the said " Dock Company of their Purchase " Money, shall from Time to Time " be and be deemed and taken to " be a good and sufficient Discharge to the said Dock Company, their Success'ors and Assigns, " for so much of the said Purchase " Money or Monies for which such " Certificate or Certificates and " Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid " shall be given; and after giving " such Certificate or Certificates, " and Receipt or Receipts, the said " Dock Company, their Success'ors " and Assigns, shall be absolutely " acquitted and discharged of and " from the said Monies, and shall " not be answerable or accountable " for any Loss, Misapplication, or " Non-application' thereof, or of " any Part thereof."

Clau se (D.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That the Costs of the " several Applications to be made " to the said Court respecting the

" Matters last aforesaid, and the " Costs of taking the said Monies " out of the Bank and inverting " the same in a new Purchase or " Purchases as aforesaid, or such " Part or Parts thereof as the said " Court shall deem reasonable, shall " be paid and defrayed by the said " Dock Company, their Success'ors, " or Assigns."

Pr. 77. 1. 14. After " satisfied," inlert Clause (E.) Clause (E.) Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That nothing herein " contained shall extend or be " construed to extend to defeat, " lessen, impeach, or prejudice any " existing Mortgage, Charge, Annuity, or other Incumbrance,

" upon

1*ill to prevent Deer Stealing, p&fied.

Lord llutchinfon't Annuity Bill, passed.

Bill respetfing Hy<lrcnieters, passed*

Con soli dated Funds Bill, reported.

42 Geo. III. 19 0 Juni635

" upon or affecting any of the " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said Mayor and " Burgesses, and Guild or Brotherhood, respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Beading of the Bill (now ingrossed) more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to prevent the Healing of Deer.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for settling and securing a certain Annuity on I.ord , Baron

Hutchinsonof Alexandria, and of in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title ot Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, Nomine Contrail:ante. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An AcT for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord , Baron

Hutchinson of Alexandria, and in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the

Title ot Baron Hutchinsonshall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Heading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the lx>rd High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to bedif-continued, and other Instruments so be used instead thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other instruments to be used instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds ot Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned lor the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout:

Vol. 57.

and then a Second Time, One by One; aftd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- isle of Man journed Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the Bl11' ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited.

Two Acts, made in the 38th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures'of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for enlarging the Time during which Licences shall continue in Force.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Three, Two Acts made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Exchequer from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the oooo'oco) Bill for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or reported/ Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put tlwreupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Bill respecting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^orfes <s-r- Bill for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let vants, to Hire without being subject to any Annual Duty, and reported, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, toWirksworth

7 J A Inc 1 of tire, <Scc.

An Billjagrced to.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inrloling, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirkfworth, in the County of Derby, for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands, and for the better securing a supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of IVirksworth, in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is asfollow-erh; viz.

Pr. 57. I. 35. After " contrary" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That in case any additional Reservoir shall be made " in pursuance of the Power, Authority, or Direction, hereinbefore contained, the Water from " such additional Reservoir shall " be conducted by ]> oper Soughs,

" Pipes, or other sufficient Means,

" into the present Reservoir; and " that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice the " Rights of any Person or Persons,

" Bodies Politic, Corporate, or " Collegiate, his, her, or their " Heirs, Successors, Executors, or " Administrators, in, or to, or in " respect of the Waste or Surplus " Water, over and above the Water " which may be wanted for the " Supply of the Town of IVirksworth, as aforesaid, now flowing, or which (after such additional " Reservoir shall have been made)

" shall flow from the said present " Reservoir."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

rurtorm Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported

Duties Bill, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. I3ill for repealing the Duties granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be tljcn ingrossld.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported £aP*r' &c-

r \ r< r I , <? > Duties Bill,

from the Committee of the whole Home, to whom r-ported. the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Paste-boards. Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in, Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Claute was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing, for a limited Time, the Duty on Paper to be drawn back on Exportation.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* Account of the Net Produce of all the Duties of F.xcise, ordered: for Three Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distin- of ExcUfe!"* guishing each Year; distinguishing each Dutyamounting to £. 1,000 or upwards; and distinguishing the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sweets, and Spirits, from all other Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D*ofCu(tom*. Account of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs, for Three Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; distinguishing each Duty amounting to £. 1,000 or upwards; and distinguishing the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sweets, and Spirits, from all -other Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bounties on Account of all Bounties on Corn and Rice imported, from id January i8ci to the latest Period at which the same can be made up.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Scotch School* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole matters Bill, House, upon the Bill for bettering the Condition of the de, crr'd‘ Schoolmasters in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of in the Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for " settling of Schools."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

fc , rdp'fling the Whale Ftfi fry from

Mil ford Haven, pa/Tcd

The Bill (uow ingrossed) for extending the Provisions of Two Aftts of the 35th and 38th Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

t^,

Bilston Curacy Lcalcs, &c. Bill, committed.

Committee to fit Tomorrow.

Taylor's Estate Kill, committed.

Consolidated Fund* Bill, passed,

Bill respetfing Duties on Horses, Servants, &c. pa fled.

a Geo. III. a i Junii. 637

Luna:, 21° die *Junii\

Anno 42* Georgii III"1 Regis, 180a.

Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them, by Assessment.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing the - leafing of Mines within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of in

the County of Stafford, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Mr. Sheridan, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leaf'd told Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments, situate in several Pari flics in the County of here-

tofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor, Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor, Esquire, the Son, both deceai'ed, and several Leafdiold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Lllate of Sarah Otway, Widow, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knotchbull, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Read ing of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the rel'peftive Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to 1 Iis Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the rel'peftive Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland-, for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ileury Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and del ire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enlarging the Time ior width lloriis may be let to Hire without being subject to any Annual Duty, and for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on I lories, Servants, and Carriages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time for which I lories may be let to Hire without being subject to any Annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on I lories, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Vo L. 57.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Exchequer Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the pjii£a. Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Buis, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for defraying the p^ii£d.C* Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, for One Year; and for holding Courts Martial on Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum Majors, and Drum* mers, of the Militia of Ireland, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during thfe Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order, of the Day, for the Third ip*11 Militia Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for authorizing, and SilT^paucd. rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing, and rendering valid, the.

Discharge of certain Militia Men in and for

giving. Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seotchs^ooU upon the Bill for bettering the Condition of the School- n'4 er* mailers in Scotland, as regulated by an Act, made in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William, intituled, " Act for settling of " Schools," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Alexander accordingly reported from the Reported, laid Committee, the Amendments which the Com-

7 Z mittee

A. 1802.

638

mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Flace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Conlklcration upon this Day Month.

To be printed. Ordered, That i'uch a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be futlicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

irish imports Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ini KX;i°j Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His ' p'l‘e Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. between 1. 14. and 1. 15. Toinfert "Refined " Sugar or Loaf complete and whole, " or Lump duly refined, and all " Refined Sugar called Ballard, and " Ground or Powdered Sugar, and " Refined Sugar broken in Pieces, " and all Sugar called Candy, and " Molasses made from Sugar of the " British Plantations."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estatein the County of Gloucester , and for veiling the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth A£"dtjfort Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Amendment!. " Act for rendering more commodious, and for better " regulating, the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established; and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act; with some Amendments; ' to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Samuel Gunnell Report on (from the Office of the Chief- Secretary to the Lord Gaols of Lieutenant of Ireland) attended at the Door; he was panted, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland,

A Book, intituled, " A Report on the Gaols of " Ireland, for the Year 1801, by the Inspector General " of Prisons."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords h:we agreed to

Mutiny Bill.

Bill respecting Import, &c. of Cotfee into Ireland, and Milt Licences.

Bill for dif-tv>fm£ of the P.K'ument House in Dublin.

Bill for further Regulation of the Trials of Con« troverted Elections.

Yflceibion Inclosure Bill,

Amendment* to Paul's Estate Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. S prattler:

A n

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters, or Makers of Malt, felling Malt by Commission.or othervvi e; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of, the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Townlliip of Tjkeibion, in the Parish of Llanynys, in the County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of John Paul, 9

The House being informed that Mr. Given (from the PapenreUtite Directors of the East India Company) attended at the uc^presented! Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° r. A Copy of instructions to Lieutenant Colonel M'Neal, dated 5th and 6th July 1801: And also,

N° 2. A Copy of Instructions to Lieutenant Colonel Bowfer, dated 11th July 1801: And also,

N° 3. A Copy of Instructions to MelTrs. Webb and Close, dated 15th July 1801; when they proceeded to the Palace of the late Nabob Omdut ul: And

also,

N° 4. A Copy of a Report of Messrs. Webb and Close, explanatory of their Proceedings at the Palace of his late Highness the Nabob, in their Interviews or Negociations with the Regents and Tajeul Omrah: And also,

N° 5. A Copy of the Treaty between the Company and his Highness the Nabob MaA!i, dated in 1792; commonly called Lord Cornws Treaty; And also,

N° 6. A Copy of a Treaty between the Company and Azeem ul Dowlah, dated 31st July 1801: And also,

N° 7. A Copy of a Declaration of the Governor of Fort Saint George, dated 31st July 1801: And also,

N° 8. A Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to his late Highness the Nabob; written 28th 1801: And also,

N° 9. A Copy of Proceedings of the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, on the signing of the Treaty between the Company and Azeem ul Dowlafj:

And also,

N° 10. A Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General and the Governor of Fort Saint George, on the Subject of the Carnatic, from the Period of the Death of his late Highness Omdut ul Omrah, to the Elevation of Azeem ul Dowlah to the Mufnud: And also,

N° 11. Copies and Extracts of Letters from the Governpr General and the Governor in Council of Fort

Saint

d by v

Geo. III. at* Junii.

63 9

Saint George to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, relative to the Resolution in the Carnatic, and the Assumption of its Government by the Com* pany: And also,

N° 12. A Copy of Orders published to the Settlement of Fort Saint George, dated 31st July 1801, relative to the Treaty between the Company and Azeem ul:

And also,

N° 13. Information explanatory of the Realbn why several Orders have not been fully complied with.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for th'eTJfe of the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Pap«T* relative Ordered, That there be la:d before this House, a Copy

tfc^orderedT ^arts e Correspondence discovered in the

Palace of Seringapatam, and alluded to in the Letter

from the Right honourable the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George to the Secret Committee of the Court of Dire dors, dated ift 1801, as are not included

in the Appendix to the Declaration of the Governor of Fort Saint George, dated 31st July 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Examination of certain Persons, taken at Vellore, before MclTrs. Webb and Close, on the 3d and 4th May, and at Seringapatam on the 9th and nth 1800, by Order of the Marquis Wellesley.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minute of Lord dated the 29th September 1801, relative to the pecuniary Provision to be made for the Families of the late Nabobs of the Carnatic.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Affidavit of the Nabob of Arcot's Physician, on the State of his Highness's Heath, dated 22d June 1801.

Cnftomt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Bill, Rea,j;nor of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, on Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; and for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties granted by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and grant* ing other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Du* tics granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republics, to be imported for Three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dut>' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing cer-Vol. 37.

tain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scale* boards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, and made in,

Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, authorizing the Commissioners of Stamps to allow a Discount to the Printers of Newspapers.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro* posed tobe made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 29. After " Cloths " to insert " or Stuffs.'*

1. 39. After " Cloths" to insert " or Stuffs."

.Pr. 10. 1. 24. After " Cloths" to insert " or Stuffs."

Pr. 15. 1. 3. To leave out from " the" to " no," in

I.5. and insert "Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Eight hundred and Three" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Sealeboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, or made in, Great Britain j and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, chandizeex-pursuant to their Order, ported and

An Account of the real Value of Foreign Mer- p'^i^ted. chandize exported; and of all Imports into Great Britain, for Two Years, ending the 5th January xSoaj distinguishing each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account- do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That, such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use 01 the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ExciseabI. authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise: And that Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tart,

Mr. Hiley Addington, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do pre*-pare, and bring in, the fame.

' Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, ac* Presented. cording to Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detuned by Officers of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- Committed, mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considertd. Committee.

Mr., Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

6^0 2i* — 22° Juniu A< 1802,

"Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The l ord* A Mcflage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

tnvc agreed Sprauger:

Air. Speaker,

B 11 f»r pro- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act rn,‘n£ to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made urging Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also. Bill for raising The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ilmer*.° for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An -Act " for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Corttwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during tire present War;" and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

Sill for trying The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Person*,or for the trying and punishing, in Great , Persons mined'*l0m holding Public Employments, for Offences committed Abroad. Abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, pafl'ed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices, and others, in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to con- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act KeilVof *° continue, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand ritual Fcrfoa*, Eight hundred and Three, an Act, passed in the last &c* . Session of Parliament, for flaying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Forms; and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the Thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefits, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cole's Name Sir William Heathcotereported from the Committee, *'"£?* to whom the ingtofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, c ' An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and u(e the Surname a d Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole, Esquire, de-ceaftd, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a n. nham's Committee of the whole House, unon the ingossed

Divorce Bill. Bm frQm the intituled, An Act to dissolve the

M irriage of George Bonham, Esquire, with Paulina Lushingtonhis now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob house took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Hob house reported from the Committee, That they had heaul Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels registered tered inVre-in the several Ports of Ireland, and existing on the 30th land, ordered, of September 1801; with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed therein.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 20 die junii;

Anno 420 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1802.

Prayers.

SIR William Geary reported from the Committee, Taylor* to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, re^rtedjand An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Mef- paired, fuages. Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of heretofore the Estates of Thomas Tay/or, Esquire, thcFatiicr, and 'Thomas Taylor, Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the fune County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway, Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary.

Way, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Granville Levefott Gower reported from the Billion Cu-Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, J^Biu "* intituled, An Act for authorizing the leafing of Mines ported, and within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of Bilflon, in the County of Stafford, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, . without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Goiver do carry *

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Alexander, according to Order, reported Exciseable from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Go°‘1!t'eJl1*' Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Excile to order re?° e the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excile, was committed, the Amendments

which

Bonham's Divorce bill, paiTtd.

Lords

Amendments to Kilt to amend I*on-doii Port AcV, greed to.

Royal Afent to Bills.

Vhich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

An ingrefled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to d:lfi>lve the Marriage ot George , Esquire, with

Paulina Lufnington his- now \V iie, and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purpol'es therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Refo.'ved, That the Kill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. David Scott do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for " better regulating, the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the India Dock Company thereby elLiblished; and for extending to other Obiefts the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 33. After "Fridays" insert " and any " Day which shall be appointed by " His Majesty's Proclamation for " the Purpose of a General Fast or " Thanksgiving."

Pr. 19. 1. 19. After " Friday" insert " or a Day " appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a. " General Fast or Thanksgiving."

Pr. 21. 1. 38. After Friday" insert " or a Day appointed by His Majesty 's Proclamation for the Purpose of a u General Fast or Thanksgiving."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and alii) empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal High-nels the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of SuJJ'ex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the VOL. 57.

Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of,

the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Alvanley, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches:

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, to fell.lease, convey, or dispose of, the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto, belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,- fot1 the Re-duftion of the National Debt:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the- secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any Letter or Packet sent by the Post, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more cflfeftually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post:

An Act to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services:

An Act to revive, and further continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament:

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland:

An Act for making Allowances, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace:

An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, when lent by any other Persons:

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades:

An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Ule:

An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland:

An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Shi [is, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and Four:

An Act to continue, until-the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

8 A regulating

642 22° JuniL A, 1802*

regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters, or Makers of Malt, felling Malt by Commission or otherwise:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and for the Defence of

" the Kingdom during the present War," and for the more effectually railing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain:

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Electiofls or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating the reto:

An Act for the trying and punishing, in Great Britain, Persons holding Public Employments, for Offences committed Abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Eale of Justices and others, in pleading in S'uifs brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody:

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain:

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and to amend, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fifth, and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets:

An Act to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean without Licence from the East India Company or South Sea Company:

An Act to continue, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for flaying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth,-for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the Thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich:

An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near

the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House:

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

5

intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of an Act,

" made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second, as relates to the preventing " the dealing or destroying of Turnips, and for the more " effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of " Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parships, Pease, and " Carrots," to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the Cities of " London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the " present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protest and " encourage Fishermen," as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fiffi by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City:

An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and to revive ana

continue an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating,

" paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and " other public Passages and Places, within the King's " Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing " the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing public " Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Htill, for the better " securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for " the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of " Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, " Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and " for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, " and for establishing other necessary Regulations within " the Town and Port of Kinand also for making additional Basons or Docks at upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty in Aid of the said Works:

An Act for amending, altering, and extending, the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water; and for making better Provision for that Purposo:

An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trulls, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, AUington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent, and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River:

An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark:

An

An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preferring, the Open Fields, Half-Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Town-ships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Wit-ham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto \ and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough; and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid:

An Act for making and repairing the Roid from Cause-tvay Head, near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, and by West Saline and Crofsfoord, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the lame; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newe aft le-under-Lyme, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape Marsh; and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and u widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirkfworth, " to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brajfngton, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand u on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said " Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from " the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, " at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the u County of Derby

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering, a Road from the West India Docks, in the IJleof Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex > for opening, widening, and improving, certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex:

An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Salis, Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salis, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Salis, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland:

An Act for veftingeertain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, of which John Beardsworth, Esquire, and Thomas Williams, Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs, Esquire, and George Burley, Gentleman:

Vol. 57-

An Act to enable John Skynner, Esquire, and

Williams, Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry, Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham, otherwise Totten-hall, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, late the Ertate of Catherine Whitehead, deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same Copyhold Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising the reby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary:

An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Frees, otherwise Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of John Pauly Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul, Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester; and for veiling the Residue of the said deviled Estates in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sewerby and Marton, and within the Manor of Sewerby-cum-Marton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton, otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Fo/kton, in the East Riding of the County of York: f An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the laftSefllon of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and allotting a certain u Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln f' and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing, the Parochial or General Allotments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act; for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitlington and Holwell, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby; for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands, and for the better' securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirkfworth, in the said County:

An Act for authorizing Leases to be made of such of the settled Estates of the late Most honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland:

An Act for cffcftuating an Exchange between the Right honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesford and the Dean and Chapter of Worcester:

An Act for enabling the Right honourable Henry

Lord

A. 1802.

644 220

Lord Afu/grave to charge his settled Estates with a Join-

ture, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him; and also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Portions for younger Children when he shall have made further Improvements; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting in Oliver Delancey, Esquire, Barrack Mailer General, a Wharf and certain other Hereditaments near Maidstone, in the County of , late the

Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both de-cealed:

An Act to enable Sir Char Baronet, and Charles Morgan, Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Will of the late John Morgan, Esquire, and to enable the said Charles Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates of which he is Tenant for Life in Post'ession under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements:

An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of Gi/ling East, in the County of York, Spin-fter (since deceased) and the Rector of the Parish Church of Gi/ling East aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of York, of certain Tythes, Cattlcgates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor:

An Act for vesting the Manor of and several

MdTuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for enabling the Guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta Philips, Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey, in Fee Farm, her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying, in Fee Farm, the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, under Yearly Relerved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon:

An Act for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out the Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Ditndas, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments situate in Scotland, in the Manner and upon the Trulls in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of hamshire, deccafed, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Puchase of other Estates; and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl, in the same County, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half-Year Meadow Land, Common Pallures, Heath, and Wallc Linds, in the Townships of Kelby, Aijby, and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis,

in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fever.tl Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and W alle Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parishes or Townships of Alvafton and Boulton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of 7 hitrlly, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Keying hum in derness, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands, within the said Township and Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Chellafton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington, in the Parishes of and,

in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole-Year Land, Common Fieldsy Half-Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderftone, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Doningttn, otherwise Dinton, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Commons, Fields, and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Bodenham, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Common Fields, ing Lands, Carr Lands, Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Folkton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East Flotmanby and West Flotmanby, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Yfkeibion, in the Parish of Uanynys, in the County of

Denbigh:

An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Denis Ferry:

An Act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop:

An Act for naturalizing John Meybohm.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Exciseable Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods Bl11* seized or detained by Officers of Excise, was read the p Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Va do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Debiteon

That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was, on f^\l°ng7he

the 5th of January 1 786, £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Pub ic Debt

Lons; and Short Annuities, and Annuities for Lives, to on s.thJan-0 , 17b-., ad-

the joumed.

the Amount of £-i>373»55o: That, on the ift of bruary 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880 had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account; reducing the Ablual Amount of the Debt on the 5th of January 1793 to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670: And that, on the ift of February 1802, Stock, to the Amount of £.39,883,308 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 123,707 l'.ad fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock, to the Amount of £.18,001,148 had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed; reducing the Actual Amount of Debt exiting before the War, on the ill February 1802, to £. 180,344,792, and the Annuities to £. 1,247,843;

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The Lont» A Mcflage from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and

bavcvccJto Sgranger:

Scotch Militia Bill, with Amendment*.

The Lords deli re a Conference.

House to a Conference.

Conference hud, amt it ported.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland-, with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Ixirds do desirc a present Conierence with this I louie in the Fainted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the lait Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ref ined, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew. '

Ordered, Thar the Managers, who managed the lall Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. John-done, Mr. Tierney, Mr. Aidtrman Combe, Mr.

Mr. Sturges, Mr. A icholls, Mr. Mr. Sir

Charles HenrvTalbot, Sir John William Sir John

Hollywood, Mr. HeHouse, Mr. Law, Mr. Golding, Sir William Do!ben. Lord \ ilcount Mr. Wickham,

Mr. Adams, General Ba/Jour, Mr. Mr.

Mr Keene, and Mr. Simeon, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.-

And being retuin.d;

The lx>rd Glenberviereported, Tint the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed on the Fart of the Lords by the Earl of Dartmouth, who acquainted them, that the Lords, having taken into Consideration the Realbns given by the Commons at the last Conference,' for their ditagreeing to several Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Law's relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, their Lordships do inlist upon one of the said Amendments, for which they gave their Realbns; which Reasons he read in his Place; and afterw'ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The Lords infill on the Amendment, made to the said Bill, in Frets 71. Line 3. which is, after " Quakers " to insert " resident within the said County, Riding, or " Place, and dated within the Three Months immediately preceding tht Day on which it shall be produced " as aforesaid," to which the Commons disagree:

Because, the Lords conceive that the Amendment is calculated to prevent the Fraud and Imposition to which the Mode of Proof of the Fact of a Person being a Quaker, hir h erto required by Law, and prescribed by the Bill, has been found liable.

VOL. 37.

The Lords dd not insist on the next Amendment, in Press 71. Line 37. which is, after " Purpose," to insert "who is or has been in His Majesty's other Forces, " or in the Militia," to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords do not insist on the Amendment, in Press 83. Line 4. which is, after " Months" to insert " and " his Term of Service shall recommence from the Date " of such Commitment," to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords do not Insist on the Amendment, in Press 120. Line 29. which is, after " Term" to insert " the " said Term of Service to recommence from the Day On ".which he shall have returned or have been taken," to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords do not insist on the Amendment in Prels 164. Line 33. which is, after " respectively " to insert " or where only One Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, " then as such Deputy Lieutenant."

And the said Amendment was allb read.

And the Question being put, That this House ddth insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House doth not insist upon their Disagreement to the Amendment infilled on by their Lordships.

And Notice being taken, That Forty Members were

VJ 7 J

not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Mercurtiy23*; .

Anno 42° Georgii III. U Regis, 1802.

1 ! '

Prayers. '

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the-Lords, to the BUI, intituled, An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland. .:

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz. ;.

Pr. 13. 1. 2. After " aforesaid" insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enabled, That. any Officer, in the Militia duly qualified as aforesaid, who, in consequence of the " Augmentation of the Militia " Forces herein after provided, may " hereafter be promoted to the " Commission-of Major, and may " by any subsequent Reduction of " that Augmentation, no longer " retain such Commission, shall and " may. continue to rank in the general Militia Service according to the Date of his Commisfion or Appointment in the Militia, so vacated as aforesaid; provided that -nothing herein contained shall extend to give any such Major any Regimental " Rank."

Pr. 16. 1. 8.: Leave out " Serjeants;" and in the same Line, after " of," insert " Serjeants." -

8 B Pr. 43.

Lards Amendment! to Scotch Militia Bill, agreed to*

6j\&

23* JunlU

A. 1802.

Pr. 45. 1. $7. Pr. 48. 1. 39.

ki

K

«fc

Pr. 57. j. 37. Pr. 79. 1. 6.

Pr 79-(a)l.4. Pr- 97- I- 13.)

& 14.} Ciavii (B.)

tf

u

€t

Pr. 99. L 27.

Pr. xi 6.1. 7.

Pr. 150.1.34. Pr- 153J. 17. Pr. 163.1.30.

Pr. 168.1.28,

Clause (C.)

V

Leave out from " Service" to w And,".

in Line 39.

After " Cadies " insert " nor any " Man who has more than Two lawful Children, and who is not possessed of an Edate in Lands, Goods, ot Money, of the clear Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Edate."

After " enrolled" insert " or any " Surgeon belonging to His Majesty's other Forces."

Leave out from " Company" to " Provided," in Line 1. of Clause (C.) in the same Press; and in Line 7. of the same Clause, after " Battalion" insert "ofMilitia." Leave out " Commissions" and insert " Commission."

After " appointed" inlert Clause

(B)

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That whensoever any Regiment " or Battalion to be raised under " this Act, shall have been disembodied as herein after directed, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that such Regiment or Battalion shall shall not be trained and exercised in Manner as is herein after directed, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, to be calculated from the Day on which it shall have been so disembodied, or for such Number of Months, not exceeding Twelve Months, " as His Majesty shall think fit." After " Battalion" insert " not only " to the Clerk of the several Sub- division Meetings in such County, " but also."

After " that " insert " if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a " Court Martial cannot be found." After " Stewartries" insert " Cities." After " Stewartries" insert " Cities." Leave out from accordingly" to " and, " in Line 32.

Leave out from " Day " to the End of Clause (E.) and insert Clause

(C.)

And be it further Enacted, That " it shall be lawful for His Majesty " from Time to Time, whenever He " shall deem it expedient, to reduce " the Whole or any Part of the Sup-" plementary Militia, by His Royal " Proclamation, to declare such Reduction accordingly; and in case the said Supplementary Militia, or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied, to disembody the fame, or any Number of Private Militia Men equal thereto, without Regard to whether such Men were raised and enrolled in pursuance of any Proclamation for raising the Supplementary Militia, or were enrolled before, and were serving at the Time of the issuing thereof; and the Private Militia Men so disembodied as ft aforesaid, or so many of them, as

a

€f

may have bcch enrolled, and not embodied at the Time of issuing such Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to serve for the respective Periods for which they (Hall have been respectively enrolled to serve, and shall during such Periods supply all the Vacancies that may arise in the respective Parishes or Places, or United Parishes or Places for which they shall have beenfo enrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivi-fions shall from Time to Time cause any Man or Men, as the same may be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies in the established Militia that may arise for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Places in their respective Subdivisions, to be taken from their respective Clafies as aforesaid, or ballotted, as the same may require, according to the Provisions in this Act. contained, relating to the taking Men for the Militia from Classes, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall take place for the railing and enrolling any Man to supply any Vacancy that may arise for any Parish or Place, (o long as the same can be supplied from any Men, or by any Man then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable, and be fit to serve: Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place, shall be called upon or be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Pa- . ri(h or Place than that for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that no such Man so remaining liable to supply such Vacancy as aforesaid, shall, during the Time he lb remains liable, be capable of being eniifted into His Majesty's Re-" gular Forces."

In Schedule (A.)

Pr. 193.1.27. Leave out " Free of Company of " Watermen."

In Schedule (C.)

Pr. 19 5.1.16. Leave out " Tythings."

In Schedule (E.)

Pr. 197.I. 7. Leave out " " and insert the

Letter " B."

In Schedule (F.)

I'| Leave out " Hundreds or."

8. Leave out " " and insert the

Letter " B."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second ' Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

agreed

Pr. 198 1. & 1.

The Lords have agreed to

French, ire. Postag# Bill*

Rational Debt <£.100*000) BUI.

Fxche<jner Bills Bill (£.1,500,000)

Innkeepers

BUI.

"Excite Regu-Wion Bill.

Stamp Duties

Regulation

B*JJ.

Tortola Free Fort Bill.

MarTne Mutiny Bill.

IriQi Chancellor's Salary Bill.

Bill to repeal the Duty on Goods imported into lrcUnJ.

agreed to the Amendments made by theif Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker, »

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Hates and Duties of Portage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to London, and for granting other Rates and

Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be irt'ued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great; with-

out any Amendment: And all'o.

The lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thou-l'and Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incrcating the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in , or from

any Part of the United States; for better collecting and feeuring the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties, and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbourin the Island of Tortola, until the First Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Three, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies Vol. 57.

of Insurance and Sea Insurances in; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill For divid- -to require Persons, licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of Ireland into Whole Lottery Tickets, and for empowering the Lords Slures* Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inlh Ekaions for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections, or Bl11*

Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament -for Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kirkcud-for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Fj*nal Boat Pool of Dairy in the G/enkenns to the- Port and Amewiment*, Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of;

with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Debate on Thursdaylaft, for reluming. Tomorrow, the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Debt, Public Funded Debt, on the ill of February 1793, was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities fbrtbwHui-for Lives, to the Amount of £-1,373,550; of which iounie<1-Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purehaled by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and the Annuities, to the Amount of £.79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on the ift of February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £. 1,293,670; and that, on the ill of February 1802, Stock, to the Amount of £. 39,885,308, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock, to the Amount of £. 18,901,148, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, and Annuities, to the Amount of £. 125,707, had fallen in, reducing, on the ill of February 1802, the actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to £.180,344,792, and the Annuities to £. 1,247,843, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Copy of a of a Paper, purporting to be a Letter from HuJJiin Ally, the reputed Son of the late Nabob of Arcot, to James ordered.

Stuart Hall and Samuel Johnstone, Esquires.

Mr. Banket reported from the Committee, who were Report from appointed to consider of a Plan to be submitted to His Comrmttee^ Majesty, for providing additional Committee Rooms consider of and Offices for the Use of this House; That the Com- grovidm^ad-mittee had considered the Matter to them referred, and nuttee Room*, had directed him to make a Report thereof to the &c.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have carefully inspected the House, and Offices adjoining the reunto, being attended by the Officers of the House, and by Mr. IF, Surveyor General of the Office of Works; and Your Committee have agreed upon a Plan, which, when executed, will, as they conceive, afford such additional Committee Rooms, and Offices, for the Use of this House, as appear to be moll immediately necessary for the Bufinel's of the next Session of Parliament; leaving it to the Wisdom of the House hereafter to consider of some further Additions, which would certainly be attended with very great public Convenience, but which cannot be now effected without either erecting new Buildings, or appropriating

A. 1802.

648 23 ° — 2 40 JuniL

for the immediate Use and Business of this House such Buildings as are at present applied to other Purposes; those in particular, now Handing in Cotton or the

vacant Ground on that Side of the House, may, at some future Period, in the Opinion of Your Committee, afford the most convenient Accommodation for the Object? not provided for in the present Plan.

The Plan and Particulars thereof, which Your Committee propose for immediate Execution, are set forth in the Appendix to this deport; and Your Committee beg Leave to recommend the same to the House, as fit, if the I Ioute shall think proper, to be submitted to His Majesty, for His Royal Approbation.

N. B. — The Plan and Particulars referred to in this Report, are annexed thereto, and preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration To-mcrrow Morning.

relative The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the t^c'pretented. Directors of the EnjlIndia Company) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prel'ented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Copy of the Affidavit of the Physician of the late Nabob of Arcot, on the State of his Highness's Health, dated 22d June 1801: And also,

N° 2. A Copy of the Examination of certain Persons, taken before Me firs. and Close, at Vellore and

Seringapatam, in the Month of May 1800, by Order of Marquis Wellesley: And also,

N° 3. A Copy of such Parts of the Correspondence discovered in the Palace at and alluded to

in the Letter from the Right honourable the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George to the Secret Committee of the Court of Pircftors, dated 3d August 1801, as are not included in the Appendix to the Declaration of the Governor of Fort Saint George, dated 31st July 1801: And also,

N° 4. A Copy of the Minute of Lord Clive, dated 29th September 1801, relative to the pecuniary Provision to be made for the Families of the late Nabobs Mahomed Ali and Omdutul Omrali, &c.: And also,

N° 5. A Copy of a Paper, purporting to be a Letter from HuJJ'ein Ally, the reputed Son of the late Nabob of Arcot, to James Stuart Hall and Samuel Esquires,

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers arepreserved amongst -the other Papers of this Session.

Petitionefthe A Petition was presented to the Hgufe, and read; Desc'endant* Setting forth. That the there-undersigned, immediate of his Hish- Descendants of his late Highncls IVallajah Behauder, &c. Bch3uder'^ah &c- and Brothers of his Highness Omdut ul &c.

au er‘ late Newaubs of the Car, approach the House with heart-felt Grief and Affliction: — That they have not been accustomed, from Birth and Situation, to seek and implore Assistance at a Foreign Hand, and are wholly unacquainted with the Language of Petition; and would therefore hope, that the House will impute any Failure in Form or Respect, if any should be conceived, to their utter Want of Knowledge in the Customs and Manners which the House may chance to have ordained: But they feel allured, that the House will not turn afide from any Subject of just Complaint, in whatever Form or whatever Language it present itself: — That it is with Confidence, therefore, that they approach, and make known those Sufferings, which have weighed them down to the Earth; for they have to acquaint the House, that they cannot but consider and lament the late unfortu-

nate Succession to the Mufnud of the Carnatic, dictated by the Government of Fort Saint George, by the Sword of the East India Company, as the Destruction of the Dc-

feent of their ancient and honourable Family, a Degradation of the Dignity of the Sovereignty, an Abuse of the Ordinations of the Law, and a Sacrifice of the Wights of the People: — That they enjoyed indeed an Instant Happiness in contemplating the Acccfiion of a Prince de-Icended from the Loins of their much beloved and highly honoured Brother, and appointed by the Will of his Royal Father, as of Right, to the Mufnud of his Predecessors; but had scarcely Time to congratulate themselves and his People on the Event, before they had the Misery to behold him call from his Throne, placed amongst the lowed of his Subjects, and his hereditary Empire and Dominions conveyed, by the Hand of an unlawful Successor, as a Largess to those avho had forced him, with a Dilregard of every Principle of Right and of humaniled Policy, into an unbidden Situation: — by which flagrant Act of Injustice, they have humbly to represent to the House, that the real and indisputable Heir to the Empire has been circumvented, and they, the Descendants from a Line of Sovereigns, barred for ever, both in themselves and Progeny, from the Enjoyment of their hereditary Honours and Dignities, have been reduced into a State of Dependency on that Power which has occasioned this mighty and incomparable Mischief, and are delivered into the Custody of him, who. with (b little Consideration and Remorse, has already sacrificed the Rights, and may eventually devote the Persons, of his Kind: — They therefore implore and beseech the House (for, alas!, they have no other Hope) to enquire into, and consider their distressed Condition, and afford them that Relief, which the House, in its Wisdom and Justice, shall think fit: And they the Subscribers, and a grateful People, shall ever pray for the long Continuation of the Prosperity and Honours of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotV Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 240 die Junii;

Anno 42* Georgii III1" Regis, 1802.

Pra y ers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideratiofi

the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, toKirkcud-intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- brightCanal gable Canal froln the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glen- Bill'agrted kenns to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pt. 8. 1. 28. After " granted" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That the Dams or Weirs " by this Act authorized to be made

" in and across the said River Dee,

" shall be constructed in Manner "following; (that is to say) there " shall in ali such Cases be a Causew'ay of Stone made across the " River from Side to Side, which " Causeway or Caulcways shall hot " be more than Two Feet in Height " above the general Level of the " Bed of the River, at the Place or " Places where the same respectively shall be made; and that all

" such

43 Geo. IIL £4 0 Juniu649

" such Dams or Weirs shall be " guarded by a Sill, and Sheeting " Piles above and below the said " Causeway; and that from the " lower Sill thereof there shall be " laid in the Bed of the River a " sufficient Quantity of Rubble " Stone to prevent the Water from " disturbing the Bed of the said " River, and thereby undermining " l'uch Causeway; and that on all " such Causeways there Hull be " erected a Jettee, or Wall of Stone,

" from each Side of the River, not " more than Two Feet in Height " above such Causeways, and having in all Cases an Opening " therein, as nearly as may be, in the Middle of the said River,

" of the Width of Forty Feet at " the leaf:, and that such Dams or " Weirs, Jetties and Causeways, " shall at ail Times be constructed " and lupp'irt, 1 in the Manner and " of the D inn miens aforesaid."

Pr-9- b i3. After " navigable'', iiifert Clause (B.)

Clause (B) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That such Rollers, Inc'ined Planes, or Rail Roads, shall " not join the said River at any " Place within the Space of Three " Hundred Yards from the Sand " Bed Pool."

Pr. 34. I.3. Leave out from "to" to "And," in Press 38. Line 10. and insert Clauses (C.) (D.) and (E.)

Clause (C.) " And be it further Enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or " awarded to be paid for any Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, " purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for " the Purposes thereof, which are " held under Entail, or are subject " to Life Rents, Annuities, or other " Incumbrances, or shall belong to * any Corporation, married Woman. Infant, Lunatic, or Person " or Persons under any Disability " or Incapacity, such Money shall, " in case the same shall amount to " the Sum of Tw'o Hundred Pounds, " under the Direction and by the " Authority of the Court of Session, " be with all convenient Speed " paid into the Bank of Scotland, or " Royal Bank of , to the

" Intent that such Money shall be " applied under the Direction and " with the Approbation of the said " Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be " preferred in a summary Way, by " the Person or Persons who would " have been entitled to the Rents <c and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of " the Land Tax, or Discharge of " any Debt or Debts, or such other " Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as " the said Court shall authorize to il be paid, afiefting the same Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, or " affecting other Lands, Tenements, H or Hereditaments, Handing let-

Vol. 57.

" tied therewith, to the same or the " like Uses, Intents, or Purposes;

" or where such Money shall not be " so applied, then the same shall be " laid out and inverted under the " like Direction and Approbation " of the said Court, in the Purchase " of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which " shall be conveyed and settled to, for,

" and upon such and the like Uses,

" Trusts, Intents, and Purposes;

" and in the same Manner as the " Messuages, Lands, Tenements;

" and Hereditaments, which shall " be so purchased, taken, or used " as aforesaid, flood settled or " limited, or such of them as at the " Time of making such Conveyance " and Settlement shall be existing, " undetermined, and capable of " taking Effect; and in the mean " Time, and until such Purchase " shall be made, the Interest or " Annual Produce of such Money " shall from Time to Time be paid, " by Order of the said Court, to " the Person or Persons who would " for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of " the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to " be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made." Clause (D.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That if any Money so " agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or " used for the Purposes aforesaid, " and held under Entail, or subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other " Incumbrances, or belonging to " any Corporation, or to any Persons " under Disability or Incapacity as " aforesaid, shall be less than ther " Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, " and shall exceed the Sum of " Twenty Pounds, then and in all " such Cases the same shall, at the " Option of the Person or Persons " for the Time being entitled to " the Rents and Profits of the He*4 " reditaments so purchased, taken* " or used, or of his, her, or their " Tutors or Curators, in case of " Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified " in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction " and Authority, be paid into " either of the said Banks, and be ' " placed to his or their Account " as aforesaid, in order to be applied " in Manner hereinbefore directed, " or otherwise the same shall be " paid, at the like Option, to Two " Trustees to be nominated by the " Person or Persons making such " Option, and approved of by Three " or more of the said Commissioners " (such Nomination and Approba- " tion to be signified in Writing " under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in " order that Rich Principal Money, " and the Interest arising thereon, 8 C "may

4° Junii. A. 1802.

may be applied in any Manner " hereinbefore directed, as far as the " same be applicable."

Clause (E.) " Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That where such Money,

" so agreed or awarded to be paid " as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds* then " and in all such Cases the same " shall be applied to the Use of the " Person or Persons who would " for the Time being have been " entitled to the Rents and Profits " of the I fereditamentsfopurchased,

*‘ taken, or used, for the Puqxdcs k* of this Act, in such Manner as i( the said Commissioners, or any " '1'hree or more of them, shall " think fit, or in case of Infancy " or Lunacy', then to his, her, or " their Tutors or Curators, to and " for the Ule and Benefit of such " Person or Persons so entitled " respectively."

Pr. 40. 1. 13. Leave out from "Rent " to " And," in Prcls 4.4. line 13.

Pr. 45. 1. 21. Leave out from " Estate " to " and, " in Line 23.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Spalding do carry the Bill to the I«ords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of mittee Roomi, a Plan to be iubmitted to His Majesty, for providing fonildcrcdT additional Committee Rooms and Ofiices for the Use of this House.

And the said Report was again read.

AiMrcfcthere- Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to upun. His Majesty, humbly to lay before His Majesty a Copy

of the said Report, and of the Plans thereto annexed; and to request His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for carrying into Effect the Alterations and Improvements therein described; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Atliltvfs f&r a Resolved, NemiueContradicente, That an humble Ad-CoaorCaniil- ^rc*s ^e Pr<-'fcnted to His Majesty, humbly to refuel Smyth, present to His Majesty, that it appears to this House, that Doctor James Carmichael Smyth having long directed his Attention to the mofl effectual Means of preventing Infection, at length discovered and introduced the Use of his Nitric Fumigation, and established its Efficacy, in preventing the Communication of Contagion; that the Use of the said Fumigation has already been attended with the most beneficial Effects, especially in His Majesty's Naval and Military Hospitals, and in Transportsand Ships of War; and that it mayjuflly be expected to be hereafter produdivcof themofiextenfive Advantageparticularly to His Majesty's Fleets and Armies; and humbly bcfceching His Majesty, that, in Consideration of the Merit of the said Discovery and Application, His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct a Sum not exceeding £.5,000, to be advanced to the said Doctor James Carmichaeland to allure

His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Mojdly's most Honourable Privy Council.

B&port relative to providing additional Com-

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, pur- Accounts suant to their Orders, presentedi

An Account of all Bounties on Corn and Rice im- Bounties on ported, from the ift January 1801 to the latest Period Corn and Rice at which the same can be made up: And also, unport

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels Vessels regis-registered in the several Ports of Ireland, and existing on m re' the 30th of September 1801; with the Amount of their Tonnage; and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed therein.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson, Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipand die Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall de-l'cend, in Consideration of his eminent Services; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasureror Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues to be discontinued, and other instruments to be used ijiflead thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Three, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the

The Lords have agreed to

Lord Hut-chinfon's Annuity Bill*

Bill for consolidating; Acts for Kectemp-tion of Land Tax.

Bill respecting Hydrometers,

Isle of Man Trade Bill

Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill-respecting for extending the Provisions of Tw'o Acts of the Thirty- p^wHle fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, so Milfoilron* far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming Haven, to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billtoprevent more effectually to prevent the Realing of Deer; without Deer Stealing, any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thurso Har-for building and*maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the bourBl11-Town and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Monmouth-for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the AlonmouthshireCanal Navigation, and for bui.

enabling the Compary of Proprietors of that Navigation to raile a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts,

passed

passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's llcign, relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

Durham and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road^ Bill. for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick-, and all'o for crestingTwo Bridges over the River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Beriv aforesaid to , in the said County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

Ancholme The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Niviganon"1* for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed Sill. in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for the more effectual draining the " Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County " of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable " from the River Humber, at or near a Place called " Fen -a bySluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town " of C, Lnrford Briggs; and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to " Bi(hepBriggs, in the said County of ;" without any Amendment: Andalfo,

tnef'i^re B'lL ^K> ^orc^s *uue aSrcc^ to ^,e Hill, intituled, An Act 0 1 for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing,

the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Croft on Green, within the Township of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Uidoiure^ Bill ' U'e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and W'alle Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby, other-wile Conejly, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

Bill respetfing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Arocniimcuts. for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, Or resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Pro^ visions in lieu thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffer.gers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verier is)2 50 Junii;

t

Anno 420 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1802. Prayer s.

Account of ^PJIE House being informed that Mr. IVebb (from of'Fxctic1"1* ^1C Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door;

presented'. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Excite for Three Years, ending 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; distinguishing each Duty amounting to £. 1,000 or upwards; and distinguishing the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sweets, and Spirits, from all ther Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titleot the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the I louse.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Siffion.

Vol. 57.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for repealing tevcral Acts for establishing Regu- ing Aliens, lations respecting Aliens' arriving in this Kingdom, or a6recd to* resident therein, in certain Cafes, and for substituting other Provisions ih lieu thereof.

And the said Amendments wefe read; and are as fol-ldweth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 35. Leave out " the" and inlert " this " Realm, or."

1. 36. After " Kingdotn" inlert " of Great Britain and Ireland."

Pr. 3. 1. 36. After " he" inlert " or they."

r* 33-j Leave out " or depart from."

1. 34. Leave out " or from."

1. 35. Leave out " on or."

1. 38. Leaveout "or beforefuchDeparture."

Pr- 7- 1- 4* Leaveout "allb" and insert "every

" Alien who shall so arrive, and also,

" every Alien who shall depart " from any Port or Place of this " Realm, after the passing of this " Act, shall immediately after such " Arrival, or before such Departure respectively, declare in like - " Manner to such Officer as afore-" said."

Pr. 15. 1. 33. Leave out from Mainprize" to " it," in Line 37.

Pr. 18. 1. 9. Leave out from " Realm" to " he," in Line 12.

Pr. 21. 1. 9. After "Treaty" inlert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided nevertheless, and be it

" Enacted, That where any Alien " who shall have been committed " under this Act to remain until " he or she shall be taken in Charge " for the Purpose of being sent out " of the Realm, shall not be lent " out of the Realm within Two

" Calendar Months after such

" Commitment, or where any Alien.

" who shall have been committed " as aforesaid to remain until delivered pursuant to such Requi-

" fition as aforesaid, shall not be " delivered pursuant to such Requisition as aforesaid, within Two

" Calendar Months after such

" Commitment, it shall in every " such same be lawful for any of " the Justices of His Majesty's " Court of Record at Westminster,

" or in Dublin, or for any of the " Barons in Gr Britain or Ireland, " being of the Degree of the Coif,

" or for the Lord Justice Clerk, ct or any of the Commissioners of " Judiciary in Scotland, upon Application made to him or them,

" by or on the Behalf of the Person so committed, and upon " Proof made to him or them that " reasonable Notice of the Intention to make such Application,

" had been given to some or One " of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain-,

" or to the Lord Lieutenant or " Chief Governor or Governors of " Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their " Discretion, to order the Person " so committed to be continued in " or discharged out of Custody."

Pr. 23.

Accounts of Arrears and Balances, prefeted*

The Lords have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill#

CC-5,000,000)

Customs Duties Bill.

250 Junii.

A. 1802.

Pr. 23. 1. 35. After u Plaintiffs'* insert Clause (B.) Clause (B») Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further Enacted, That the " Powers and Authority given by " this Act tb the Lord Lieutenant " or other Chief Governor or Go-u vernors of ', or his or their " Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of shall not extend or be held or deemed to " extend to the same of any Alien arriving or being in that Part of " this Realm or United Kingdom " called Great; and that

" the Powers and Authority given by this Act to any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magifi " trate of any City, Town, or Place, " shall not extend or be construed " to extend to give to such Magis-, *' trates any Authority to act be-

yond the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, any thing in " this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Nicholas Vans.ttart presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th bf January 1802 from the Officers of Excise in Scotland: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th January 1802, from the Officers of the Post Office in Great Britain, from the 5th January 1774; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they are or were employed; the Sums originally due from them, and when; and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Deputy Post Matters in Great Britain, on the 5th July and 10th October 1801, and 5th Jammy 1802, respectively; distinguishing their Names, and for what Places; and the Amount of their respective Disbursements and Allowances during the said Quarters.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

ner:

1r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three; without any Amendment: And also, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties granted by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods,

Wares, dr Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republics, to be imported for Three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any Annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them, by Assessment; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Mill-boards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, pr made in, Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers v/ithdrew.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, on the 1 ft of February 1793, was £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1,373,550; of which Sums, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and the Annuities, to the Amount of £. 79,880, had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt on the ift of February 1793, to £.227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670; and that, on the ift of February 1802, Stock, to the Amount of £.39,885,308, had been purchased by the Commissioners, and Stock, to the Amount of£. 18,001,148, had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed, and Annuities, to the Amount of £. 125,707, had fallen in; reducing, on the 1 it of February 1802, the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War to £.180,344,792, and the Annuities to£. 1,247,843.

And the Question was again proposed.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of Stock created since the ift of February 1793 (including the Amount created by Sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and after deducting £.20,490,003, purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt) on the

ift

Bill respecting Duties on Hones, Servants, & c.

Irish Militia DischargeBilL

Exciseable Goods Bill.

Paper, See. Duties Bill*

Itchin Navigation Bill.

Debate

Motion spedtinj Public See. on Feb. 17 resumec

Questiont previous, Neg.

ill of February 1802, is £.338,138,360; of which Sum the Interest on £. 7,502,633, is payable by the Emperor of Germany, and the Interest on £. 22,348,000 is payable by Ireland: And that Annuities have been granted since the ill of February 1793 to the Amount of £.550,460; of which £. 9,791 is payable by Ireland, and £. 230,000 by the Emperor of Germany;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt (including the Amount created by the Sums borrowed in the present Session, and after deducing £*60,375,311 purchased by the Commissioners, and £. 18,801,148 transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed) was, on the ill of February 1802, £. 518,483,152; of which Sum £.29,064,226 is on Account of Ireland and the Emperor of Germany; leaving a Funded Debt charged on Great Britain of £.489,418,926: And that the Amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducing what have fallen in) was, on the iftof February 1802, inShort Annuities, and for Lives,£. 543,3001 and in Long Annuities, £. 1,015,410;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That, under the Head s of Treasury, Army, Ordnance, Barracks, and Advances from Civil List (after deducing the Surplus of Ways and Means of 1801) Outllanding Demands, as far as the same can be made up, remained to be provided for, on the 5th of January 1802, to the Amount of £.3,264,235:

That the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, unprovided for, or provided for out of Funds which have proved insufficient, was, on the 5th of January 1802,

£ 3-744.443:

That the Debt of the Navy remaining to be provided for, was, on the 5th of January 1802, £.9,073,070; and, that the Total Amount of Demands outstanding. Navy Debt and Exchequer Bills unprovided for, or provided for out of insufficient Funds, was, on the 5th of January 1802, £.26,081,748; of Which Sum £.11,771,836 has since been made good out of the Supplies of the present Session, leaving ah Unfunded Debt of £. 14,309,912, to which £.5,000,000 of Exchequer Bills, voted in the present Session, being added, makes a Total of Unfunded Debt hereafter to be provided for, of£. 19,309,912;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Debt may be Hated as follows; viz.

Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt unredeemed £. 1,015,410 Long Annuities, valued at 25 Years Purchase Unfunded Debt ----- .

518,483,152

25.3S5.250

I9»3°9»91*

Of this Sum, Ireland and the Interest on

Emperor of Germany are chargeable with the

563,178,314 £.29,064,226

Leaving a Total Debt charged on Great Britain (exclusive of £. 543,0001 Short Annuities, and any further Sums necessary for winding up the >£.534,114,088; Expences of the War) of - - j

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sum applicable to the Reduction of the Total Funded Debt was, on the ill February 1793, £. 1,427,143, and, on the 1 ft Febi8o2,£. 5,809,330, to which must be added £. 26,390, being i per Cent, on Part of the Loan of the present Year; making a Total of £.5,835,72°, of which Sum £.5,587,399 is applicable to the Reduction of the Debt charged on Great Britain, and, being appropriated by Act of Parliament to accumulate at Compound Interest, will redeem a Sum equal to the Amount of Debt created since the ill of January 1800 in about 16 Years, suppoling all Stocks to be purchased at Par, and in about 12 4- Years, suppoling the 3 per Cents, to be purchased at 75;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt, on the 5th of January 1793, was £.10,325,866, including £. 1,000,000, applicable to the Reduction of the Debt:

That the Annual Charge incurred by the Permanent Debt created since the 5th of 1793 (exclusive

of Interest payable by Ireland, and including the Charge incurred by the Loan of the present Session, but exclusive of £.48,000 Interest on Deferred Stock) is £. 13,557,600, of which Sum,£. 2,462,100 is the 1 per Cent. Sinking Fund on the Capital of the said Debt, applicable to the Reduction thereof; and that a farther Charge of £.497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Par-Yol- 57*

liament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes existing previous to the War, was, on the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000; and, on the 5th of January 1802, £. 13,221,682:

That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes imposed since the 5th of January 1793 was, on the 5th of Jamary 1802, £.9,187,288:

And, That the Total Amount of the Permanent Taxes was, on the 5th of January 1802, £.22,408,970;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 19,659,358; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of Jamary 1793, was £.18,685,390:

That the Total Official Value of all Imports, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802 (suppoling the Imports from the East Indies, of which no Account has been made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year) was £.32,317,032; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1802, was £.26,964,036: That the Total Official Value of British Produce and Manufactures, exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £ 18,336,85»; and, on an Average

8 D «f

654 25°. Junii. A. 1802.

of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.14,771,049:

That the Total Official Value of Produce and

Manufactures, exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, was £.25,719,979; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1802, was £.21,631,050:

That the Total Official \ a tue of Foreign Merchandize, exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 6,568,346; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 5,469,014:

That the Total Official Value of Foreign Merchandize, exported in the Year ending the 5th of 1802,

was £.16,523,480; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1802, was£. 14,104,700;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put-;

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1802, may be estimated as follows} viz.

Interest of the Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking £.

Fund, on the 5th of January 1802, after deducing Interest payable by.

Ireland - - - - 22,444,564

Interest, &c. to be incurred, and paid, between the 5th January 1802 and the ' 5th January 1803, on Stock created by Loans of the present Session, to the

Amount of £.30,351,375 - 665,422

Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year ending 5th January 1802 - - ... . - - - - 1,121,890

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union, of the Civil List, and other Charges on the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, amounting together to £. 1,560,472 - 1,376,888

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters

Warrants, Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. 8cc. estimated at - - 1,000,000

Charges of Management of Revenue, estimated to be the same as in the Year

ended 5th January 1802 - - 1,871,861

Supplies voted for 1802, on Account of Great Britain exclusively £. 8,409,473

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the

Articles of Union, of the Supplies voted for Great Britain and Ireland (amounting in the Whole to £.31,259,209) - - 27,261,063

Total Amount of Supplies for 1802, to be defrayed by

Great Britain - - - - 1 " >' 35,670,536

Advance to Ireland - -- - 2,000,000

Interest payable for Loans to Emperor of Germany - - - 497,735

Making in the Whole the Sum of - -£.66,648,896:

And the previous Question being put. That that A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Question be now put; posed,

It passed in the Negative.

That the Interest of the1 Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and £. Sinking Fund, after deducting Interest payable by Ireland, is - - - 23,520,003

That the Interest on Exchequer Bills, exclusive of Three Millions not at present bearing Interest, cannot be estimated at less than - 450,000

That the Interest on Navy Debt cannot be estimated at less than - - - 150,000

That of the present Charges on the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and

Ireland, the Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, is - - -- 1,376,888

That of the Miscellaneous Charges of Great Britain and Ireland, the Proportion.

to be defrayed by Great Britain cannot be estimlted at less than - - 397,060 .

That the Charges of the Militia of Great Britain cannot be estimated at less than - - - - - 220,000

That of the Charges of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and Widows Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland, the Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain cannot be estimated at less than - 262,948

That of the Half Pay of the Army of Great Britain and Ireland, the Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain cannot be estimated at less than - - 400,000

£.26,776,899

1 hat of the Charge of the Navy (supposing the Number of Seamen employed to be reduced from 70,000, their present Amount, to 30,000, for the Year ti4 61 q

1803) the Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain cannot be estimated

at Ids than.....„.....J£-30,29U512:

And

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That, supposing the Produce of the Old Permanent Taxes to be the same as in the Year ending the 5th

Old Permanent Taxes New Permanent Taxes, including 1801 Taxes imposed in present Session Land and Malt Estimated Profit on Lottery

*55

of January 1800, being their highest Amount, and the New Permanent Taxes to produce the Sum for which they were laid, the Income applicable to the Peace Establishment of Great Britain may be estimated as follows;

viz.

15,740,000

10.395.246

4,000,000

2,558,000

360,000

250 Junii.

33.053.246

Which Sum, being lb raised, after deducing certain estimated Charges, to the

Amount of.....30,291,512

would leave towards the Charge of the Army Ordnance, and Contingencies, a Surplus of - -, - - - - - £.2,761,734*

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Actual Charge of the Army and Ord-

nance for Great Britain and , for Six Months*

ending the 5th of January 1803 (exclusive of Army Extraordinaries, Militia, Half Pay, , &c.) to be

defrayed by Great Britain, is £.2,414,876, being after the Kate of £.4,829,750 per Annum:

That, supposing a Reduction to take place to the Amount of 20,000 Men, with a proportionate Reduction in the Barracks and Ordnance Departments, the Total Charge to be defrayed by Great Britain for the Army and Ord- ,£. nance (exclusive of Army Extraordinaries, Militia, Half Pay, , &c.)

may be estimated for the Year 1803, at ----- - 3,812,960

And that upon such an Establishment, tire Charge of Army Extraordinaries to

be defrayed by Great Britain cannot be estimated at less than - - - 600,000

Making (exclusive of Contingent Charges, and of £.497,000 Interest due by the Emperor of Germany, and guaranteed by Parliament) a Sum of - £. 4,412,960

Which, after applying the Estimated Surplus of Taxes would leave a Deficiency to be provided for, of

- 2,761,734

- £.1,651,226:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Debate on The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-

The journed Debate upon the Motion, That the Amount of Public Debt, the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786, &c.on 5th £ 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities, S' ' and Annuities for Lives to the Amount of £. 1,373,550: — That, on the ift of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of £. 10,242,100, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880 had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account; reducing the Actual. Amount of the Debt on the5th of January 1793 to£. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to £.1,293,670: — And that, on the ill of February 1S02, Stock, to the Amount of £.39,885,308, had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 125,707 had fallen in, and been carried to their Account, and Stock, to the Amount of£. 18,001,148 had been transferred to them on Account of Land Tax redeemed; reducing the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ill February 1802, to £. 180,344,792, and the Annuities to £. 1,247,843.

Rtsolution* Resolved, That the Amount of the Public Funded Finance?* Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786, £.238,231,248;

exclusive of Long and Short Annuities and Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £. 1.373,550: — That, on the ill of February 1793, Stock, to the Amount of Vol. 57.

£. 10,242,100 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; and Annuities to the Amount of £. 79,880 had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account; reducing the Actual Amount of the Debt, on the 5th of January 1.793,^0 £. 227,989,148, and the Annuities to£. 1,293,670: — And that, on the ill of February 1802, Stock, to the Amount of £. 39,885,308 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; and Annuities to the Amount of £. 125,707 had fallen in, and been carried to their Account; and Stock, to the Amount of£. 18,001,148, had been transferred to them, on Account of Land. Tax redeemed; reducing the Actual Amount of Debt existing before the War, on the ill February 1802, to £. 180,344,792, and the Annuities to £. 1,247,843, .

Resolved, That the Capital of the Public , Funded Debt created since the ill of February 1793, as the same Hood on the ill of February 1S02, togetherwitfcrthe Capital to be created by Sums borrowed in the pirefent Session of Parliament, and exclusive of £.7,502,633,

3 per Cent. Stock, created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany, is £. 351.125,730: — That the Amount of Long Annuities, created during the same Period, is £.320,461 per Annum, exclusive of £. 230,000 Annuity created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany, which will expire in the Year 1820: — That of these Sums, £.22,348,000 Capital, and £-9,791 Long Annuities, are on Account of Ireland-, leaving a Permanent Debt of . £. 328,77 7,730 charged on Great Britain: — And that, on the ill of February 1802, £. 19,703,596 had been pur-t

dialed

656 *5'

chafed by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the said Permanent Debt, created since 5th January 1793, to £.309,074,134, exclusive of Long Annuities, to the Amount of £.310,670 per Annum.

Resolved, That the Total Amount of the Permanent Funded Debt charged on Great Britain, after deducting the Sum of £. 59,588,904,redeemed by, and the Annuities fallen in, to the Commissioners, and £. 18*001,148, transferred to them Oh Account of Land 'lax redeemed, was, on the tft of February 1802, £.489,418,926; together with Short Annuities to the Amount of ,£.543,103, and Long Annuities to the Amount of 2.1,015,410.

Resolved, That the Sum Annually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, in pursuance of the Act passed in 1786, was £. 1,000,000, being about 1/238^ Part of the Capital of the Permanent Debt then existing; and for 1793, was£. 1,427,143, being about i/i6oth Part of the Permanent Debt exiting in 1793, and may, for the Year 1802, be estimated at £.5,800,000, being about i/84th Part of the Permanent Debt existing in 1802; which Sum of £.5,800,000 is appropriated by Act of Parliament to accumulate at Compound Interest, until the Whole of the existing Debt is discharged; which, suppoiing all the Stocks to be purchased at Par, and no further Sums to be transferred for Redemption of Land Tax, cannot be later than the Close of the Year 1843.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt on the 5th of January 1786, was £. 9,297,000 before any Fund was created applicable to the Reduction of the Debt, and, on the 5th of January 1793, was £.10,325,000, including £. 1,000,000 applicable thereto; in which Sum of £.10,325,000 was included, on the 5th January 1793, the Interest of £. 10,242,100, Capital Stock redeemed; and the Amount of Annuities fallen in or unclaimed, which had been transferred to the Commissioners, making together the Sum of £.387,143; and that the said Sum of £. 10,325,000 was reduced on the 5th January 1802, by reason of Stock transferred for Redemption of Land Tax, and by Diminution in the Charges of Management, on Account of Sums redeemed by the Commissioners, to £.9,771,169; in which Sum is included the Interest on £ 39,885,308, Capital Stock redeemed, and the Amount of Annuities fallen in or unclaimed, and transferred to the Commissioners, making together the Sum of £. 1,334,186.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the Permanent Debt of Great Britain, created since the cth January 1793 (including £.924,199 Permanent Interest and Charge on Loan of the present Session, of which £.48,761. 17 will not become payable till after the 5th of January 1806, amounts to £.13,597,594 per Annum; of which £.10,544,383 is for Interest, Annuity, and Charges of Management, of such Part of the said Debt as was unredeemed on the ift of February 1802; and £. 3,053,211 arises from 1 per Cent. Sinking Fund on the Capital of Part of the said Debt and Interest of Stock redeemed, and is applicable to the Reduction thereof; and that a further Charge of £. 497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany.

Resolved, That the Annual Charge on Account of the Permanent Debt of Great Britain, on the 1 ft of February 1802 (including £.924,199 for Interest and Charges of the Loan of the present Session, and £. 200,000 now permanently added to the Sinking Fund) amounts to £.23,568,763, whereof 5,587,397 is applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt: And that a further Charge of £. 497,735 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany,

Junii. A. 1802».

Resolved, Thai the Amount of the Outstanding Demands unprovided lor on the 5th of January 1802, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, and of the Anticipation of certain Dulies annually voted, was £. 4,514,351: — That the Surplus of Ways and Means for the Year 1801, was £.114,000; and £. 99,886 remained unpaid and applicable to the Public Service on the Grant to the Queen of Portugal',reducing the Amount of Demands unpro-

vided for to £.4,300,465; of which £.4,018,420 has been provided for in the present Session.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt, exclusive of the Anticipation in the usual Form of certain Duties annually voted, amounted, on the 5th of 1793, to

£.8,925,422, and on the 5th of January 1802 to £.21,179,170; exclusive of the Anticipation of the Loan of 1802, and of £.3,000,000 advanced by the Bank without Interest, for the Renewal of their Charter, to be repaid in 1806; of which Sum of £121,179,170, £. 10,113,493 has been paid off or provided for in the Course of the present Session.

Refolded, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, existing on the 5th January 1784, then amounted to £. 10,194,259; and that Taxes were afterwards im-poled to defray the Expences of the War ending in 1783, amounting in 1786 to £.938,000; making together, £.11,132,000.

Resolved, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes existing previous to the Year 1784, adding thereto about £.938,000, imposed as above stated in 1784 and 1785, and £.137,000 arising from the Consolidation Act, and from Duties imposed in 1789, was, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000; on the 5th of January 1794, £.13,941,000; on the 5th of

January 1795, £.13,858,000; on the 5th of January 1796> £'13*557y°00* °n the 5th of January 1797, £.14,292,000; on the 5thofya»«flryi798,£.i3,332,oooo; on the 5 th of January 1799, £. 14,275,000; on the 5th of January 1800, £. 15,743,109; on the 5th of January 1801, £.14,194,539; and on the 5th of 1802

(including £. 1,275,544, the Amount of Bounties paid on Corn and Rice imported) £. 14,497,226; which last Sum, after deducting the Duties arising from the Conlb-lidation Act and those imposed in 1789, exceeds the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes on the 5th of January 1784, together with that of the Taxes imposed in 1784 and 1785, by £.3,228,226.

Resolved, That the Actual Net Produce of the Taxes imposed since the 5th of January 1793, amounted, in the Year ended the 5th of January 1802, to £. 9,187,288; and that the Total Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes in the Year ended the 5th of January 1802, amounted to£. 23,684,514 (including £.1,275,544, paid for Bounties on Corn and Rice imported).

Resolved, That the 'Total Grols Receipt within the Year (dedufting lie-payments, Discounts and Drawbacks, and all'o deducting all Loans and Monies paid to Government) was, in the Year 1797, £ 23,076,179; in the Year 1798, £-30,176,303; in the Year 1799,

£ 34*75°-976 J in the Year £ 33>535>°l6 J and in the Year 1801, £.35,368,376, being an Increase, compared with 1797, of £. 12,292,197; compared with 1798, of £.5,192,073; compared with 1799, of £. 617,400; and compared with 1800, of £. 1,833,360.

Resolved, That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1784, was £. 13,122,235; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1784, was£.i 1,690,829;

— That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793, was £. 19,659,358; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.18,685,390: — That the Official Value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802 (supposing the

Imports

Imports from the East Indies, of which ho Account has vet been made up, to be the same as in the preceding Year) was £. 32,317,032; making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £. 19,194,797, and with 1792, of £. 12,657,674; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1802, was £.26,964,038; making an

Increase, as compared with the Average of the 5th of January 1784, of £. 15,273,209; and with the Average to the 5th of January 1793, of £.8,278,648: — And that the real Value of Imports in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, suppoling the Imports from the to be the same as in the preceding Year, may be estimated at about £.58,680,000.

Resolved, That the Official Value of British Manufactures, exported from Great , in the Year ending

the 5th of January 1784, was £.10,409,713; and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th January 1784, was £. 8,616,660: — That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain in the Year ending 5th of January 1793, was £.18,336,851; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of 1793,

was £. 14,771,049: — That the Official Value of British Manufactures exported from Great Britain in the Year ending 5th of January 1802, was £.25,719,979, making an Increase, as compared with 1783, of £. 15,310,266, and with 1792, of £.7,383,128; and, on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1802, was £.21,631,050, making an Increase, as compared with the Average to 5th of January 1784, of £.13,014,390; and, with the Average to 5th of January 1793, of £.6,860,001: — And that the real Value of British Manufactures exported in the Year 1801, may be estimated at £-4i»770'000-

Resolved, That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the Year ending

the 5th of January 1784, was £.4,332,909; and, on an Average of Six Years; ending the 5th of January 1784, was £.4,263,930: — That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported ftom Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1793; was £.6,568,348; and, on an Average of Six Years; ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.5,468,014; — That the Official Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802; was £.16,523,4.80, making an Increase, as Compared with 1783, of £.12,190,571, and with 1792, of £.9,955,132; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5 th of January 1802, was £. 14,104,700, making an Increase, as compared with the Average to January 5th 1784, of £.9,840,770, and with the Average to January 5th 1793, or £. 8,636,686: — And that the real Value of Foreign Merchandize exported in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, may be estimated at about £. 15,750,000.

Resolved, That the Number of Registered Vessels belonging to the British Dominions, and employed in Trade, in the Year 1789, being the first Year in which the Register Act had taken mil Effect, was 14,310; their Tonnage 1,395,172, and the Number of Seamen navigating the same 108,962: — In the Year 1792 the Number of Vessels was 16,079; their Tonnage 1,540,145; and the Number of Seamen navigating the same 118,286; — and, in the Year 1801, the Number of Vessels was 19,772; their Tonnage 2,037,317; and the Number of Men 143,987; — being an Increase of 5,462 Ships, of 642,145 Tons, and of 35,025 Men, compared with 1789; and of 3,693 Ships, of 497,172 Tons, and of 25,701 Men, compared with 1792.

Resolved, That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1802, may be estimated as follows;

viz.

Interest of Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund,

on the 5th of January 1802, after deducting Interest payable by Ireland - 22,444,564

Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between 5th January 1802 and 5th January 1803, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session - 665,422

Interest on Exchequer Bills - -- 750,000

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union, of the Civil List, and other Charges on the Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, amounting together to £. 1,537,739 - - 1,356,828

Civil Government of Scotland, estimated as before -Pensions on Hereditary Revenue, - - D" -Militia and Deserters Warrants, - - - D* - -

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c. including Excels of Corn Bounties beyond £. 1,643,000, re-paid by Parliament - -

Charges of Management of the Revenue the same as last Year -

1,000,009

2,024,697

Making the Total Permanent Charges to be defrayed out of the Grofe Receipt of Permanent Revenue - r - - - - 28,241,5 jt I

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, according to the Articles of Union,

of the Supplies voted for 1802 for Great Britain and Ireland, amounting in the Whole to £ 39,305,344, including therein the Separate Charges on Great Britain - - - k - 35,532,371

63>773>88z

- £. 2,000,000

497»596 — 1 , a*497>596

£.66,271,478.

Vol. 57. 8E Resolvedt

Advance to Ireland -

Interest payable for Imperial Loans

658

25° yt

A.1 % 0 %

Resolved, That the Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue, after deducting Re- £.

payments for Over Entries, Drawbacks, and Bounties in the Nature of ' Drawbacks, amounted, in the Year ended 5th ''jammy 1802, to - - 29,220,536

Estimated Produce, to the 5th April 1803, of the Taxes imposed in the

present Session of Parliament - - - . - 2,400,000

That further Sums are applicable to the Service of the Year 1802; as follows:

Re-payments from Grenada, Impress, and Lottery' - = - 862,00b

And that the Remainder of the Supply for the Year 1802, is provided for

by a Loan, on Account of Great Britain, of - - - - 23,060,000 And a Loan for Ireland of - - 2,000,000

And by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on Supplies 1803 - 5,000,000

And expefled Additional Produce of Taxes that were deficient in 1801,

compared with 1799 - - 1,60c,000

Surplus of Ways and Means 1801, and Residue of Grants to the Queen

of Portugal ----- ----- 213,886

Interest on Land Tax contracted to be paid for by Instalments - - 25,000

Arrears of Income Tax -.....- 2.500,000

— ______1

Making in the Whole the Sum of - - - - £.66,821,422.

Resolved, That it appears by a Report of a Committee of this House, in 1791, that the Actual Expenditure (including the Annual Million for the Reduction of the Public Debt) on art Average of Five Years Peace, ending the 5th of January 1791, and including sundry Extraordinary Expences for the Armament of 1787, and for Payments to Loyalists, and other Articles of a temporary Nature, amounted to £.16,816,985:

But the Peace Establishment was estimated by the said Committee, at - £. x5,969,178 With which Estimate the Actual Expence of the Year 1792 nearly agreed.

In the above Sum was included the Charge of the Public Debt, amounting to£. 10,325,000, from which is to be deducted the Charge of Stock extinguished by the Redemption of Land Tax on the 5th January 1802 540,000

; 15>429>I7

That the Additional Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt created since

1793, exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, is - - - I3>597>594

That the Additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is about ----- -- 140,000

Interest of Money for satisfying increased Navy Debt, at £.5 per Cent, is about 270,000

That the Additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is - 390,000

That the Additional Charge incurred for a Sum appropriated for the Redemption of the Public Debt is - - - - 200,000

And that the Increased Expence of the Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest on further Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, and of any Augmentation which may take place in the Naval or Military Establishments, but allowing for Increase of Pay and other Expences, may be estimated at - -

And allb, exclusive of- £. 497,000 Interest on Loans due by the Emperor. - — !-»* — -of Germany, (and guaranteed by Parliament) — May be estimated at - £. 30,726,772.

Resolved, That, adding to the Produce of the Permanent Taxes in the Year ending the 5th of January 1802,.the Sum of £. 1-,275,544 paid for-Corn Bounties and the Sum of £. r ,600,000, being the estimated Deficiency of certain Duties in the same Year; the Income applicable to the Peace Establishment may be estimated as follows; viz. ‘

Old Permanent Taxes . - - . -£.14,497,226

New Permanent Taxes - - 9,187,288

Further Produce of Taxes that were deficient in 1801, compared with 1799 1,600,000

Further Produce of-Taxes 1801 - - - 864,319

Taxes imposed in - - t - 1802 - - , - - 4,000,000

1 Land and Malt, after deducting Land Tax redeemed - 2,060,000

7 v ' ", ' /V \ ' J 3 m f

.. V \ . - , . £-32?2°8,833

And, that a farther Sum of £.454,340, arising from Annuities which will expire at the Periods under mentioned viz.

In 1805 - - -. - £, 56,554

lSub ----- - 8,152

' ' . 1807..... xs*5!5

1808 - - - . - - . - 374.^9

will then also be applicable, as well as such Sums as may trom Time to Time arise from the Savings on the Interest of Stocks which may be reduced to a lower Rate; /nd which, supposing the Whole, of the Stocks to be

£-454.340 - -

reduced to 3 per Cent, would amount to £. 1,491,890: — Which Sums are exclusive of any Allowance for tho Profit of a Lottery, or for any Participation of the Territorial Revenues of India.

Resolved,

Address for Dignity for the Chaplain.

Address for Chairman of Committee of Ways and Means*

Address for CJcrk Ailii>-ant.

D*, for Second Clerk AUilt-ant.

tb, for Deputy Serjeant at Anns*

Journal to be printed*

OeneralTndcx tf the Journals, to be pruned.

» .

42 Geo.. III. 25 0 Jimii.#56

Resolved, Nemine ContradicenteThat an humble Ad-

drels be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gra-cioully pleated to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Twelve Hundred Pounds to be advanced to Hewy Alexander, Esquire, for his Services to this House, in the present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Services to this House, in the present Seftion, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order lfcch Sum of Money as His Majesty shall think proper, to be advanced to John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Assistant of this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct such a Sum of Money to be ili'ued to John,

Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, for his Services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear Sum of Five Hundred Pounds; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this

firefent Session, with an index to the Fifty-seventh Vo-umc, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That the Accounts'and Papers, usually' inserted in the Journals of this House, and also such Reports from Committees as are of considerable Length, be placed together in an Appendix at the End of each Volume, with proper References thereto; and that such Arrangement be made in the Journal of the last Session, when the same shall be printed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Samuel Dunn, who has for some Time been employed in compiling a General Index to several of the Volumes of the Journals of the House of Commons, from the Year 1790, down to the Commencement of the Union with Ireland in 1S01, is very near finishing the lame; and, in order that there may be a Probability of the Work being ' VOL. 57.

ready to Joe delivered for the Use of the House at their next Meeting, he prays for an Order , of the House thereupon.

Ordered, That the said General Index be printed by the Person usually employed in printing the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the said Mr. Dunn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented-/to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order DunTt a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred- Pounds, to be advanced to the said Mr. Dunn, towards defraying the Expence of making the said General Index; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to n°, for ad<!i-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased tfo order tional Ivx-the Sum of Eighty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. mTnUngr&c. George Whittam, as a further Compensation for making '[nc, ex f9

an Index to the Votes of this House of the last Session sejnon° of Parliament, and son defraying the additional Expences incurred in printing the fame; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to D», for mak-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order vo*es"of thef the Sum of Three Hundred and Twenty Pounds to be- preilnt Sef-advanced to Mr. John Bull, for making an Index to the flon‘

Votes of this House of the present Session, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to d», for At-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order tendance on such Compensation as His Majesty shall think proper, onMn,ttce* to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons, in the present Session of Parliament 5 and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House tis are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order «;pying.cer-the Sum of One Thousand Seven Hundred Pounds to mss?*161*11 be advanced to William Drummond, Esquire, His Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Sicilian Majesty, for defraying the Expence which may; be incurred in copying certain ancient Manuscripts discovered at Herculaneum and Pompeii.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; Nce5,produce

,1 , 1 r 1 . .1 of Customs,

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Duties, of Customs, for Three Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; distinguiiliing each Duty amounting to £. 1,000 or upwards; and distinguishing the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sweets, and Spirits, from alL other Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-ijaorrpw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

66o

Affitot

6* J

A. i§o2s*

Sah batty 26* die *Junit;

Anno 42* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1802. PrAyers.

AMeffage by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned}

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commissiont afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and allb empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of SuJJ'ex, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Pelham, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain,'(ox the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three:

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Three:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain:

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson, Baron Hof Alexandria, and

of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Confederation of his eminent Services:

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Paste-boads. Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into, or made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal in Ireland:

An Act for repealing the Duties granted by an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse. in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, cr M.-n, from Duty; and for permitting Merchan-chandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republics, to be imported for Three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Pay-, ment of certain Duties.

An Act for allowing the {lamping certain Deeds until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand Eight hundred and Two; for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances:

An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty, Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made, free of Duty:

An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment:

An Act to repeal the Additional Duty of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland, of certain Goods imported by Retailers dt Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland:

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order die Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia:

An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland:

An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Lyid Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages. Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased:

An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to uivide into Shares a certain Number of Whole Lottery Pickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries: An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament foe, Ireland:

An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cales, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof:

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Portage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic, from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage, the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great and the

Loci

16° y

661

Lord High Treasurer or Com mill) oners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers, now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be Oiicontinued, and other instruments to be used instead thereof:

An A eft for enabling His Majesty to permit the Import ation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour, in the 111 and ct Tortola, until the first Day of July One

tlioulaiid Eight hundred and Three, and from thence ur.tti h:x \\ eeks alter the Commencement of the then next SAiwii <-t Parliament:

An Act for authorizing, and rendering valid, the Discharge ot certain Militia ivlen in Ireland-, and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men:

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Three, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Itle ot Sian, and for improving the Revenue thereof:

An AeT more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers: An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and " for better regulating, the Port of London," so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established; and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act:

An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, lo tar as they relate to the Encouragement of Peril ms coming to Milford Haven, for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery:

An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town and in the Parish of in the County of Caithuefs:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy the to

the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright:

An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fee enth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charies the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River It chin, in the County of Southampton: An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual draining the Hinds lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of , and making the

" River Ancholmenavigable from the River Humber, at

" or near a Place called FerrSluice, in the County " of Lincoln, to the Town of Clan ford Briggs; and for

" continuing the said Navigation up, or near to, the said " River from thence to BishopBriggs, in the said County of Lincoln

An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the

VoL- 57-

Turnpike Road at Snekton Sum, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill; and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick-, and also for erecting Two Bridges

over the River Tweed-, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham:

An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold . Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor, Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah,

Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given, upon Application, in a summary Way:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby, otherwise Conefby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for authorizing the leafing of Mines within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of in the County of Stafford, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands,

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofton Green, within the Township of Croft on, in

the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham,

Esquire, with Paulina Lushingtonhis now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, purifuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed that Mr. Cobbe (from the Lift of Public Office for Auditing Public Accounts) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to P the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, since the 5th July 1785, whereon no Progress has been made, or which have neither been stated or declared; distinguishing those which are under Examination from those on which no Proceeding has been had; specifying the Names and Sendees of the Accountants, the Time when their Accounts were delivered in, the Amount of the Charge and Bifcharge contained in their respective Accounts as delivered in, and the Balances due thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. fVilmot and Mr. The Lords Popham: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Consolidated for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out un 1 1 of the rdpedlive Consolidated Funds of and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight

8 F hundred

A. 1802.

Bill to Tup-press illegal Games, &c.

Irish Militia Pay, &c. Bill.

Irish Imports and Exports Bill.

hundred and Two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committted during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Answers to The Lord Arden reported to the House, That their

Addresses. Address of Thursday last (humbly to lay before His Majesty a Copy of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a Plan to be submitted to His Majesty, for providing additional Committee Rooms and Offices for the Use of this I louse; and to request His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Directions for carrying into Effect the Alterations and Improvements therein described; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Lord Arden also reported to the House, That - their Address of Thursday last (humbly to represent to His Majesty, that it appears to this House, that Doctor James Carmichael Smyth, having long directed his Attention to the most effectual Means of preventing Infection, at length discovered and introduced the Use of his Nitric Fumigation, and established its Efficacy, in preventing the Communication of Contagion; that the Use of the said Fumigation has already been attended with the most beneficial Effects, especially in His Majesty's Naval and Military Hospitals, and in Transports and Ships of War; and that it may justly be expected to be hereafter productive of the most extensive Advantages, particularly to His Majesty's Fleets and Armies; and humbly befecching His Majesty, that, in Consideration of the Merit of the said Discovery and Application, His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct a Sum, not exceeding £. 5,000, to be advanced to the said ‘ Doctor James Carmichael Smyth; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Lord Arden also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John , Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this I louse, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Barton, as is desired.

The Lord Arden likewise reported to the House, That their several other Addresses of Yesterday had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

LuneCy 2 8° Junii;

Anno 420 Georgii III'" Regis, 1 So2. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Air. Irving (from the Treasury) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Arrears and Current Balances, due 5th January 1802, from the several Receivers of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Wales and the County of Monmouth, froth the 5th of January 1774, so far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Mo/yneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into, and exported from, Ireland:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Milit ia of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied:

An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Public Business being concluded, I think it proper to dole this Session of Parliament.

During a long and laborious Attendance, you ha?e invariably manifested the just Sense you entertain of the great Trust committed to your Charge. The Objects of your Deliberations have been unusually numerous and important; and I derive the utmost Satisfaction from the Conviction, that the Wisdom of your Proceedings will be fully proved by their Effects, in promoting the belt Interests of My People throughout every Part of My Dominions.

Gentlemen of the House of Commonn,

The ample Provision you have made lor the various Branches of the Public Service demands My warmest Acknowledgments; and My particular Thanks are due for the Liberality which you have shewn in exonerating 3 My

Account of Balances of Land Revenue, presented.

Royal Assent to Bills.

His Majesty Speech.

42 Geo. ill. 28° Junii.

My Civil Government and Household from the Debt with which they were unavoidably burthened.

Whild I regret the Amount of the Supplies which Circumstances have rendered necessary, it is a Relief to Me to contemplate the State of Our Manufactures, Commerce, and Revenue, which afford the most decisive and gratifying Proofs of the Abundance of Our internal Resources, and of the growing Prosperity of the Country.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

As I think it expedient that the Election of a new Parliament should take place without Delay, it is My Intention, forthwith, to give Directions for dissolving the present, and for calling a new Parliament.

In communicating to you this Intention, I cannot suppress those Sentiments of entire Approbation with which I rellect upon every Part of your Conduct since I first met you in this Place. The unexampled Difficulties of our Situation required the utmost Efforts of that Wisdom and Fortitude which you so eminently d if-played in contending with them, and by which they have been so happily l'urmounted. From your judicious and salutary Measures during the lad Year, My People derived all the Relief which could be afforded under one of the fevered Dispensations of Providence; and it was by the Spirit and Determination which uniformly

animated your Councils, aided by the unprecedented Exertions of My Fleets and Armies, and the zealous and cordial Co-operation of My People, that I was enabled to prosecute with Succcfs, and terminate with Honour the long and arduous Conted in which We have been engaged.

The same Sense of public Duty, the same Solicitude for the Welfare of your Country, will now, in your individual Characters, induce you to encourage, by all the Means in your Power, the Cultivation and Improvement of the Advantages of Peace.

My Endeavours will never be wanting to preserve the Blessings by whiefc We are so eminently distinguished, and to prove that the Prosperity and Happiness of all Clafies of My faithful Subjects are the Objects which are always the neared to My Heart.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, laid.

Parliament

prorogued.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

' It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 17th Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 17th Day of August next.

- by

665

9BSSSSS " 1 ‘ =±g= ;: —

APPENDIX

TO THE

FIFTY-SEVENTH VOLUME:

Se(T 180 1-2.

LIST of the APPENDIX. r — -y:

.APPENDIX. PAGE

(No. 1.) TRANSLATION of Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Ruftia, signed at St. Petersburgh the Ty Jilne 1801 679.

20* Otl'j Transition of First Separate Article of Ditto 68 t.

1801. Translation of Second Separate Article of Ditto - -- -- -- ibid.

Translation of the Declaration of the Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor of Ruftia ibidi

- COPY of Preliminary Articles of Peace between His Majesty and the French Republic, signed at London the ift of October 1801 - ibid.

(No. 2.) ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy on the Heads therein mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1801 - 683.

4* Nov onb

(No. 3.) ESTIMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for the Three first Lunar Months, commencing the ift January 1802 ----- ----- ---- ---- 684.

40 Novembris. EbTIMATE of the Money that will be necessary for Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of -

Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the lit January and 25th March 1802, being Three Lunar Months -ES IT MATE of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, for Three Lunar Months in the ibid.

Year 1802, commencing the lit of January ----- ----- ----- - ibid.

(No. 4.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802 - ibid.

40 Novembris.

(No. 5.) 90 Nrjembris. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrlfons, and other His Majesty's Und Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain a ad Ireland; from the 25*h December lSoi to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, 68 5.

in Egypt, and at the C.ipe of G<x*i Hope* and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; from the 25th December 1801, to thr 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - -- -- - 687.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of

the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ----- ----- ----- ----- - 689.

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that

Pait of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; from 25th December 1S01, to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days --- - ----- ----- ---- 690.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th of December iSji, to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ----- -- ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the 691.

Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of March 1802, both iucijlive, being 90 Days - ----- --- ----- -- 692.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces) of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the

Infantry, in Great Britain and on Foreign Stations; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks ;u in iters; from the 23th December 1801, to the 24th March i3c2, both inclusive, being 90 Days - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain 693.

and Ireland; from the 25th December iSji, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Day* - - - - 1

ESTIMATE

Vol. 57. 8 G

appendix.

(No. 5.)

9* Ncvembris,

(vtlintud.

V ——

(No. 6.)

12' Nwonbris.

(No. 7.)

13* Novemb

(No. 8.)

170 Novembris.

(No. 9.)

190 Novent br is.

(No. 10.)

200 Novembris.

(No. 11.)

2 40 Novembris.

(No. 12.)

26° Novembris.

PAC

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers cf His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1801. to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - - - ' ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments therein-mentioned, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paynialler General, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both incli.ihe, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty 's Land 1 o cc:>, :i that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for Small Beer; from 25th December i8cj, to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - - - A.- -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of Kis Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of The States General, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days 5 - - - >

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th December 1801, to 24th March 1802, bethin-elusive, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Per.Goners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from the 25th ‘ December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days..... ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, mi that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - - %

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1801, to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days....

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Barrack Department, in that Part of tjic United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of Mach 18^2, both inclusive, being 90 Days - # - - - |

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of , March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days -

694.

69 5*

ibid.

696.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

697.

ibid.

698.

ib{d.

699. ibid.

LEST of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, fufnended, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament -

700.

ACCOUNT of sundry Exchequer Bills Outstanding and Undischarged

ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Months of Jan uary, February, and March, 1802 -.

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, and American Loyalists, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802 - ----- .

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802 ----- ----- --....

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not be-cn replaced by Parliament} specitying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advance :, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively ——

ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addreftes of the House of

Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament..... ibid.

TRANSI ./HON of Treaty of Alliance between- His Majesty and the Ottoman Porte; signed at Constantinople, January 5th

*799 ..... 702.

— IRELAND —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the C harge of the Allowances to the Muller Master General, and the other Principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in tlut Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; front the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1S02, both inclusive, being 90 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of an Allowance to Officers of Reduced Corps, and to retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widow's of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Day3 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, irfclnding the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March i8c2, both inclusive, being 90 Days ——

PARTICULARS

7 °3-

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

704-

42 Geo. III. Lift of Appendix. 66 7

APPENDIX. — IRELAND — PAGE.

(No. 12.) 26° Nova': hr is, ton ti nurd. < x„ PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board* from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days ----- ----- ----- -- % ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers from the 25th of December 1801, to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ----- -- 704. # 7°5*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March i8c2, both inclusive, being 90 Days - -- - - -- - < ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Cha-ge of the In-Penfoners and Internal Expences of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days ----- ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Birrack Department, rn that Tart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25‘-h ot December 1801, to the 24(h'M..rch 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days - - - -- — > — ' " ibid.

ESTIM ATE of the Clurge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of the Line, Fencibit Infantry, Corps of Invalids, and Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Snub Leer, f.om 25th ot December 1801, to 24th of March 1S02, both inclusive, being 90 Days - 70 6-.--

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Koitts, whffe on a March, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1801, to the 24th March 18.2, both lrululive, being 90 Days - - ----- ----- - ibid.

(No. 13.) 26* Novembris. — I RTLAND — EST1MA TE of the Sums that will be necessary to defray the Charge of Mifccllaneous Services in Ireland, for Three Months, to 25th March 1802 - ibid. __

(No. i.|.) 1 9® yanttttrii, 1 oO 2. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pay for the Militia re-embodied under His Majesty's Warrant, dated the 3d August 1801 5 and of other Expencis attending their being called out tarried up to the 24th December 1801 inclusive ----- - 7°7‘

(No. 15.) 2° Feb; wjr/7. ACCOUN T of the Piftribiition of the Sum of £.2,500,000, granted to His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1S01, paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces - ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Fxoences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament ibid. 715.

(No. 16.) 2* Februa ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1801 - -- -- - 716.

(No. 17.) 2° I'drutirii. ACCOUNT of the Distrfbution of the Money granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise tiic Sum of Two Millions, for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned inclosing - - - 7*7

A. A-r Hint of the Distribution of the Sam of £. 1,000,000, being Part of the Sum of £.2,000,000, granted to His Majesty, to rft.e tr.ch Measures as the Exigency of Alrairs may require* paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces - - - - B. A' cotm* ftwwing how the Million, granted by Parliament in Aid of the Naval Supplies for the Service of the Year 1801, has been applied - -- -- -- -- ' ibid, ibid.

(No. 18.) 5* Febru ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1801 have been disposed of, distinguistied under their fevtrui iicuT, lb far a^ relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain m 718.

(No. 19.) Februa ACCOUNT of all Phces for Life or Lives, whether held by Patent or otherwise, specifying the Dates of such Patents or other Internments by w hieh such FWc- r> are held, the Names of the Perfims who hold the fame, and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto and also, a like Account of all Patents of Inch Places, granted to any Person or Persons in Reversion - 724.

(No. 20.) 8® Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 5,310,511. 9J. gd. in One Year, from the 3d February 1801, to the 31st January i8c2, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt - - - - 728.

(No. 21.) 12° Febr ANNUAL ACCOUNTS of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year ending the 31st January 1802 - 7 36-

(No. 22.) 12® Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into Great Britain, in pursuance of several Acts of the 4: it Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the 5th Day of January 1802 - -- -- - 744- -

(No. 23.) 16® Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Debt of His Majesty's Civil List on the 5th Day of January 1802, as near as the same can at present be ascertained ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge of the Civil List as effimr.ted by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same ending the 5th Day of January izco, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year - 745- 748.

ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as cftlmnted by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same ending the 5th Day of January 18:1, with the Incrtafe and Decrease thereof in the said Year - 756.

ACCOUNT

Vol. Sr

MjO ne

APPENDIX. ==c=ssg<gsa3agrrT -''*T" " — — ' - r — - „ ~ fAGf.

(No. 23.) 16° Februarii, continued\ ACCOUNT, shewing: the Charge of the Civil List, at estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July t?86, and the Charge of the same ending the 5th Day of January 1802, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year - ABSTRACT of the Particulars of the Monies received to defray the Expences of His Majesty'* Civil Government, and Payments 7^.

(No. 24.) 190 Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government for Five Years, from the 5th January 1791, to 5th January 1736, as near as the same can be ascertained ----- ----- - . OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS out of Civil List Revenues, from the Year ending 5th January 1787, to the Year ending 5:11 January 1802 - ----- -- 774- 78a.

(No. 25.) 13® Februarii, ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills issued in mirfuance 0* \n A6V of the last Session of Parliament intituled, €t An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millious, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, f>r ihe Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoular.d Eight hundred and One* - -- -- - -- -- - - -- 786.

(No. 26.) l6® Februarii. ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, and their Tonnage, which have cleared out from Great Britain to the United Stites of America, in the Years ending 5th January 1 8cxd and 1801; also for the Three Years preceding the 5th January 1793 i diHin-guishing British from Foreign Vessels; and also distinguishing each Year - Hid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of VdTeis, and their Tonnage, which have entered Inwards at the fever*I Ports of Great Britain from the United States of America, in the Years ending the $th January i8co and 1801; also for the Three Years preceding the 5.I1 Day of January 1793; dilViuguishing British from Foreign Ycileis; and id 10 distinguishing eachYear - ibid.

(No. 27.) X® Ma STATE of the Accounts of the British Museum xSoi, and Estimate of Accounts for i3cz ibid\

(No. 28.) 1® Ma ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, G.irrifons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, fresh the 25th March 1802, to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Lc. including those at Gibrnlta-, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hopej and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days7 - -- -- - 787. 7S9.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of March 1802, to the 24rh May following, both in-dull ve, being 6j Days - -- -- -- -- 791.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry for Service in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th of Match 1802, to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days ----- - md.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days ----- - ---- 792.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th May following, both inclusive, being 61 Days - -- -- - ----- -- 793-

(No. 29.) 3® Martii. ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Pensions charged upon the Civil List Revenues, in the several Sums therein mentioned; distinguidird under the Heads of — " Pensions," — " Pensions to late Min'liters'at Foreign Courts, and Compensations for I.ofs of Office;, &. c." compared with the Estimate laid before Parliament in 1786 - -- -- - ibid.

(No. 30.) 10® Martii. ESTfMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for Two Lunar M^ths; commencing 26th ESTIMATE of the M^rey that will be necessary for Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 26th March and the 20th May'iboz, being Two Lunar Months - ibid. 794*

ESTIMATE of what Monies will be wanted for the Service of Sick Prisoners of War, between the 26th March and 20th May 18 02 - - - - ibid.

(No. 31.) lO° Martii. — I RV. L AN D — ACCOlfN T of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland for the Year 1S02, as they Rood on tl|e 5th January 18^2, so far as the same can be ascertained ----- ----- ----- - ibid.

(No. 32.; 12,® Mart — IRELAND — ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year l8or, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, has been disposed of j distinguished under the several Heads - 793-

(No* 33-) 12® Martii. — IRELAND — ESTIMATE of the Charge of the OfKce of Ordnance, for the Months of April and May 1802 — Land Service - ibid.

(No. 34.) 13° 2ilartiu — 1 It E LAND — ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Redu<5>ion of the National Debt, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of I-eland on their Account, and of- ail Debentures or Stock which have been redeemed or purchased by them; together with the Interest accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying 0 if the lame; and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a general State of the Fund; specifying whether any, and what Money, still remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them; — And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms w hereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; — Also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them - 796.

APPENDIX. P A <3 K.

(No. 35-) 189 Mar lit. ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Detyt, by the Interest of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an A<!:1 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13. as required by the 72d Section of the said Art; — And also, of the Produce of the level al Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the lame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1802 - -- - 800.

No. 36.) ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Sum of £. 1,200,000, granted out of the Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on

19® AJtir Tonnage on Ships and Vessels, for the Service of the Year 1S01 - -- - 8lO.

(No. 37.) ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th May

23° blcvtii. following, both inclusive, being 61 Days . - - - ibid.

(No. 33.) — IRELAND —

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratique of the Port of Dublin - -- -- - ibid\

23" Mar:;:. ESTIMATE of the Charge for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland - -- - ibid-

' ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of the Crown Solicitors, for Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceedings, in Ireland ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing Proclamations and Advertisements, in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 5th January 1803 - -- -- -- 811.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Cattle, &c.; and for Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Purlinv mts and Extra Mdfcngers attending the said Offices; for One Year, from the 5th of January 1802, to the 5U1 of ibid.

January 1003 , - -

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge for Incidental Expences of the Treasury of Ireland, for One Year, to the 5th January 1803 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence for completing the East Return of Offices attached to the Law Courts, Dublin, for the ibid.

Year 1802 ——

ESIIMATE of the Expence to be incurred in the Year 1802, for Cloathing the Battle Axe Guards - ----- ibid

(No. 39.) ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, imported into England, in pursuance of several Acts of the ibid.

24° Ma 41 It Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the latett Period to which the same can be made up

(No. 40.) — IRELAND —

' ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of

24* Alar::. Ireland on their Account, and of all D bentures, or Stock, which have been redeemed or purchased by them; together with the Inttrett accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying otf the lame, and of the several Ibices paid for the same; — Together with a general State of the Fund, specifying whether any, and what Money, still remains unpaid

to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them; — And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms w hereof have expired, and whi' h are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; — Alio, an Account of the whole Expenet* attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them, and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them - 812.

(No. 41.) — IRELAND — FSTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland (under the Direction of the Incorporated

24" A/t/z /// Society) for One Year, to end the 5 th of January 1803 ----- ----- - 816.

ESTIMATE of the Fxptnce of supporting the House of Industry in Dublin, from the 5th of January 1802, tov the 5th of January 18c 3 - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from the 5th January 1802, to the 5th January' 1803 - -V - 81 7.

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1803 ibid.

FAE I MATE of the Uipposed Expences of the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children, for One Year, commencing 5th January ISc2, and ending 3th January 1803 ----- ----- ----- -- 818.

; ESTIMATE of tie Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, for One Year, from the 5 th January JS02, t? the 5th January *

1S03, fur the Support of 107 Children ----- ----- ----- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Allocution incorporated for discountcnancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Praflice

of the Christian Religion, for the Year 1802 - -- -- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of fitting up an4 supporting a Penitentiary, or House of Reform, in Dublin, for young Criminals, by Si 9.

Command of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant; for One Year, from the 5th of January ° r2, to the 5 th of January 1803

ES riM ATE of the Expences of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from the 3th January 1802,

to the 5th January 1803 ibid.

.. ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January iSc2, to 5th January 1803 - -- ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Edablishment of the Roman Catholic Seminary, for One Year, ending the 5th of January 1803 - 82,0.

ESTIMATE of the probable Expenditure at His Majesty's Gold Mine at CToaghan, in the County of Wicklow, Ireland, from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803 ----- ----- --- ibid.

c h 1 Further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil Lilt (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of

the Civil Lid) and which have not been replaced by Parliament - - - 821.

24° A lav in ES TIM ATE of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to Coin of tins Kingdom, in the Year :8ol - ibid.

ESTIM ATE 0* the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1802 ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaining Convicts at Home, for One Year, to 3 ill December 1802 ----- ----- ----- ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Alien:, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty'j Reign, for the Year 18-2 - - - ‘ - 822.

ESTIMATE

Vol. 57. ' 8H

appendix. (No. 42.) 24* Ma r continued. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the I (land of Cape Breton, in America, from the jit of January to the 3 ill of December j 802 , - ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Islands) from the id of January to the 31st of December 1802 - ----- ----- -- - - - ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Bmnswick, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802 - -- -- -- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802 ----- ----- --- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Dominica, from the iftof January to the 31st of December 1802 ----- ---- r--. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward's Istand, from the 1 ft of January to the 31st of December 1802 - ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the I Hand of Newfoundland in America, from the ill of January to the 31st December 1802 - - ----- -- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802 ----- ----- --- r ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802 - - - -'- ----- -- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty-Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802 - - 1 *

(No. 43,) 73° Martii. — I RELANP — ESTIMATE of the Expence to be incurred by the Farming Society of Ireland, in the Year 1802 - -

(No. 44.) t 29° Martii. ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Produce, of the 4-and-f Per Centum Duty, from ift January 1785, to ift January i8or; together with an Account of all Sums charged on those Duties which remained unlutisfied on the 5th of April 1801, and payable by the Husband } and of the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof - -- -- - ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of 4-and-J Per Centum, payable at the Exchequer, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th of April 1801} together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof - - - ACCOUNT of the Sums received in the Exchequer upon the Duty of 4-and-f Per Centum, from the $th of January 178$, to the 5 th of January 18015 distinguishing each Year - -

(No. 45.) 1° April ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment and Net Produce of the Income Duty in Great Britain, for the Year ending the 5 th of April 1801; distinguishing the Charges of Collection and Deductions; and distinguishing the Returns made to Commercial Commissioners - -- -- -- ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801; distinguishing the Number and Amount of Assessments on the several Rates of Payment on Income below £.200 a Year, from £.200 to £.500, from £.500 to £.1,000, from £. 1,coo to £.2,000, from £.2,000 to £. 5,000, and of £.5,000 and upwards j and distinguishing Deductions for Children ACCOUNT of the Number of Persons, and Amount of Income in each of the Classes below £. 200 a Year, from £. 200 to £. 500, from £.500 to £. i,coo, from £. 1,000 to £. 2,000, from £. 2,000 to £. 5,000, and of £. 5,000 and upwards; calculated from the Assessments for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801 r----,.----,-- ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment upon Income, for the Year ending the 5th April 1801; distinguishing England from Scotland; distinguishing the several Counties ift England; and distinguishing the Number and Amount of the Assessments on Incomes below £.2CO a Year, and from^£.200 a Year and upwards} and distinguishing the Returns to Commercial Commissioners

(No. 46.) I. Apri/is. ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the same flood on the jfl February 1802; distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, and in rel'p-cl of what Sums r.iifed, or Bills funded, fb far as the same can be ascertained; distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is invelled, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act passed in the 26th Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity of £. \ per Centum per Annum, upon Capitals created since the 5th January 1793; distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable - -- -- -- -- - % ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, to the ift February iSoz; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds exiiling prior to the 5th January 1793, from those created since that Period; and specitying as to the Debt prior to the 5th January 1793, ^ow rnuch thereof has been redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt since the ift or July 1786} and at what Average Price of Stocks*, and for what Sums of Money, and what Sums are now Annually applicable to the Reduction thereof} with the like Particulars as to the Debt created since the 5th January 17935 and specifying abb the Amount of the Capital of the said Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland } the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners, by Reason of Land Tax redeemed prior to the said ill of February 1802 } and whut further Annuities w ill fall in, and become applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt -

(No. 47.) 20 Apri ACCOUNT of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1802} and also of the A&uul Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it Hood on the 5th of January 1802 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge tps may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt)} distinguishing the Income applicable to the paying the Charge for Debt yxifting prior to the Year 1793, and also the Income derived from the Duties imposed in each fubfo quest Year, toge ther with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and ip respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years ----- --- ----- - ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, existitig before the Year 1793; and also of the Taxes imposed in each subsequent Year, taken for Two Years ending respectively upon the 5th January 1801, and 5th January 1802 -

I S O I

PAGE.

822.

ibid.

ibid.

823. ibid, ibid.

824. ibid, ibid.

8 25.

ibid.

82 6.

828.

ibid.

829.

ibid.

830. 832.

834*

836.

838.

848.

42 Geo. Ill, Lift of Appendix, 671

APPENDIX. p a ca e.

(No. 48.) 2* 4pri/is. ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyal ids, for the remaining Nine Months of the Year *802 ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, and which may become due in the Course of the Year 1802 - - - -- 850. ibid.

(No. 49.) ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Strong Beer, for Three Years ending 5th July 1795, distinguishing each Year,

together with an Average of the Whole - -

cp Aprish ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Table Beer, for Three Years ending 5th July 1795, distinguishing each Year,

together with an Average of the Whole ibid.

ACCOUN r of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Small Beer, for Three Years ending 5th July 1795, distinguishing each Year,

together with an Average of the Whole ' ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, for Three Years ending 1795, distinguishing the Produce of each Duty ibid.

and each Year, together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole - - - -ACCOUN T of the Gross Produce of the Duty on Hops, for Seven Years ending 5th July 1801, distinguishing each Year, toge- ibid.

ther with an Average of the Whole - -- -- -- 85 2.

ACCOUNT of the Amount of Malt Allowances paid to Brewers and others our of the Duty on Malt 1780, for Three Years ending 5th July 1795, distinguishing each Year, together with an Average of the Whole ----- -- ACCOUNT of the Amount of Drawback on Strong Beer exported, for Three Years ending 5th July 1795, distinguishing each ibid.

Year, together with an Average of the Whole - 7 - - T . ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Drawback on Hops exported, for Three Years ending 5th July 1801, distinguishing each ibid.

Year, tog-ther with an Average of the Whole - - - -- - ibid.

(No. 50.) RETURN to an Order of the House of Commons, for an "ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties on Exports and Imports, -

V J / 5° " and Tonnage of Shipping, commonly called The Convoy Duty, from it? Commencement to its Termination; distinguishing

" each Year; distinguishing the Duties on Imports, on Exports to Europe, and Exports to Countries out of Europe, and Ton-

" nage respectively; and distinguishing the Duties on Sugar, which by an Act of the lull Session were made permanent" - 853-

(No. 51.) ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, for Three Years ending the 5th April 1802, distinguishing -

5* Aprihs. the Duties which have been imposed during that Period - -- ----- - ibid.

— IRELAND —

(No. 52.) ESTIMATE of the Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, from the 5th of January 1802, to the 5th of January 1803 ibid.

8" April ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of that Part of the United Kingdom called -

Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802, to the 5th Day of Janpary 1803 ----- -- ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802, to the 5th 854.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Fever Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802, to the 5th Day ibid.

of January 1803 - r - - - - ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin, for the Service of ibid.

One Year, from the 5th of January 1802, to the 5th of January 1803 - t ----- --- - ibid.

/ v- \ — IRELAND — '

(No- 53.) ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for the

£* Aprilis. Year 1802 - - - r - - - ESTIMATE of the Sum neceflhrv to defray the Charge of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Chafitable Donations 855-

and Bcqucfts in Ireland, for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1802, to the 5th Day of January 1803 - - - - ibid.

(No. 34.) if slprilis. ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, from the End of the Year 1793, to the 5th of July 1801, distinguishing

the Produce of each Duty and each Year, together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole -ACCOUNT of the Quantity cf Malt on which Duty has been paid, from the 5th of July 1783, to the 5th of July jSoi, distin- ibid.

guishing each Year, with an Average of the Whole 856.

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Hop? on which Duty has been paid, from the 5th of July 1783, to the 5th of July 1801, ibid.

distinguishing each Year, with a General Average of the Whole ----- ----- -- ACCOUNT of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer, for which Duty has been paid, brewed from the 5th of July 17S3, to the

5th of July 1801, distinguishing each Year ibid.

(No. 55.) ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid on Corn, Mcr.l, Flour, and Rice, imported into Scotland, between 5th January 1802, and ibid„

12° April is. 5 tli April following ——

(No. 56.) ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Sugar, Rum, Coffee, and Cotton, imported into Great Britain from the Colonies of Surinam, '

\ J ' 13" A Berbice, Demnrara, and Eflcquibo, as also from the Islands of Martinico, St. Lucia, Tobago, Trinidad, and St. Eustatia, for

Three Years previous to the lit January last, as far as the finite can be made up; distinguishing each Year, as well as the 857»

Quantity imported from each Colony or Island, together with the Net Amount of Duty paid thereon -

(No. 57.) — IRELAND —

ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Rcycnue and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, from the ift of

>4* Apriiis. January 1801, to the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, — the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt; distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, aiijd the Nature and Amount of the Payments cut of the Net Produce; distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Ikuvis of the fever.^1 Officers of the Revenue, on the ift Day of January 1801, and on the 5th Day of January 1802, ref'prClively applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the lit Day of January i8ci, and on the 5th Day of January 180?, respeCHvely, whether apnropiiated or unappropriated 5 and the Amount of Exchequer Bills inued for the Public Service betw -cn the Days abovementioned, and not 858.

redeemed within that Period

Vol. 57.: -rsg

APPENDIX. — I R E L AND — ACCOUN T of the Income of the Conlbl.d.ited Fund of Ireland for the Year ended the jth of January 1802; and all'o of the — — — 1 PAGE.

(No. 58.)

14" /lp 21* Ahtii. actual Payments thereout within the said Year, &c. - ACCOUNT of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing 25th of March, of all Taxe^and Additional or Increased Duties, imposed £<U

in Ireland from 1791 to 1801; distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each, its Amount in each Year, and the Total Amount of the Net Produce of the Whole in each Year ibid.

2 2* April is. ACCOUNT of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing the 25th March, of all Taxes, and Additional or Increased Duties

imposed in Ireland from 1791 to 1801; distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each, its Amount in each Year; and the Total Amount of the Net Produce of the Whole in each Year - -- 864.

(Xo. 59.) -IRELAND-

ACCOUNT of the Wdue of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Ireland, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1802 *,

2 7* Ap distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles exported j together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of Irish Produce and Manu-failures exported in the Year ending the 5th January 1802 - -- -- 866.

14* Aprilis. ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and rtgiflered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th cf January 1789, and the $th of January 1802 ----- --- ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed 867.

in navigating the lame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland, on the 30th of September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, 1794, 1795, 179b, 1797, 17^8, 1799, i8co. and 1801 ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed

in navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the several Ports of Ireland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1789, and 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing Irish from Foreign Velitls, and the Countries from whence the hid Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound j and distinguishing Ireland and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies ----- - 868.

(Xo. 60.) ANNUAL ACCOUNT made up to the ill Day of March 1S02; containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and

15* Aprilis. Merchandize of the East India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a 4 Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, wutb the Rates of Interest they relpeiftively carry, and the Amount of such Inferert, and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and Afloat - -- -- ----- --- S7o.

(No. 61.) — IRELAND — ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all New Taxes imposed, or Additional or Increased Duties enabled to be paid, within Ireland,

22' Aprilis. flnee the ill January 1801, specifying the Nature and Commencement of each, and the Total Amount as far as the same can be made up--- ----- --- - - -- -- - 871.

ACCOUNT of all Taxes or Duties, or Additional or Increased Duties, which have censed to be payable in Ireland, at any Time

fmee the 25th March 1800, specifying the Time when each ceaied, refneiftively distinguishing the Produce of each for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its ceasing, or for such Time Ids than the said Three Years, as itexiiled; diiiin-

guishing each Year, and the Rate of each Tax or Duty - ACCOUNT of the Quanity of Spirits distilled in Ireland, from the 25th March 17S5, to the 25th Marc h iSoi; and thence to the ibid.

5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year, and the Rate and Amount of Duty paid thereon, and the Spiiits drilled from Sugar or Molasses; also the several Periods when the Dillillery was prohibited during the said Period, specifying the Authority of such Prohibition, and also the Period when Raw Grain or Malt was allowed to he tiled in the Dillillery -ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Malt made in Ireland, from the Commencement of the Malt Duties on the 25th March 173^, 8j2.

to the 23th March 1801, and thence to the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; the Kate and Amount of Duty, and the Periods when Malting was prohibited, cither absolutely or partially, and the Authority and Nature of such Prohibition '*» ibid.

(Xo. 6zd ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all New Taxes imposed, or Additional or Increased Duties enabled to be paid, within Irelmd, '

since the ill of January iSoi; specifying the Nature and Commencement of each$ and the Total Amount, as Ur as the same can

27° Aprilis. be made up - -- -- -- ACCOUNT of all Taxes or Duties, or Additional or Increased Duties, which have ceased to be payable in Ireland, at any Time s73-

since the 25th of March l8co, specifying the Time when each ceaftd reflectively, and distinguishing the Produce 0* each, for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its cealing, or for such i ime leis than the said Three Years as it cxilted; diilin-guishing each Year, and the Rate of each Tax and Duty - -- -- ibid.

vXo. 63.) COPY of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, his Catholic Majesty, the Bata- 876.

29" Apt His. vian Republic, figtud at Amiens, the 27th Day of March 1802 -

(Xo. 64.) — IRELAND —

ACCOUNT of the Total actual Expenditure in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, for S31.

5* -U//7. the Year ending the 5th January 1S02 ——

(Xo. 65.) — I RELAXD — ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the same flood on the 5th January 1802; distinguishing the Years in which

70 /<«/;. each Part thereof was created; distinguishing also the d liferent Funds in which it is inverted; the Amount of the Capital Stock of cadi Fund; the Annual Intcrell and Annuities; and the several Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin respectively; the

3* 3 Charge of Management; and the Annual Charge for the Rtriuction of the Paid Debt - -- -- - 8S2.

J ACCOUNT of the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, borrowed as Part of Englkh Loans in England, to the ill of

February i8j2; distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds, how much of each Fuiui relpe^nvcly h 1. been redeemed; the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying the Annual Amount, and the lever.1 Portions thereof payable in London ----- - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Frogrcfs made in the Reduction of the Public Funded D;*bt of Ireland, to the 5th of January* 1802; dittinguish-

ing the Capital; of ihc several Fun<h, bow much of each Fund respeCrivcdy has bem redeemed; the Total Sums paid on Account th'-rcof; and at what Average Price ot Stocks; and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying their 883.

Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof, payable in Dublin - -- - 1

42 Geo. III. Lift of Appendix. 673 / ... _

APPENDIX. T R F T AM D — PAGE.

(No. 66.) 3® Ma "1 IV £> iy il IN !/ ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £-3531193. 1. 1 Part of £.650,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the Year idol - -- 884.

(No. 67.) 50 Ma ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802, to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days; according to their present Establishment, and for reducing their Numbers - ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those of Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th of May 1802, to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days; according to their present Establishment, and for reducing their Numbers ESTIMATE of the Change of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for Service in the United Kingdom of Great Britain arid Ireland, from the 25th of May 1802, to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days; according to their present Establishment, and for their Reduction ----- --- ----- --- 9IO» 912. 9*4-

(No. CS.) 5* M An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th January 1802, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, Have been actually applied: — Distinguishing the total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service ift. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction, the usual Grant for the same Purpose, and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Loans; — 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly. The Civil List; — 4thly. The otherCharges on the Consolidated Fund; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries, and Allowances and Bounties; — 5tlily. The Civil Government of Scotland; — 6thiy. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserter's Warrants; — 7thly. The Navy, specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies for the Marines, for the Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded; for Transports, and for Prisoners of War in Health; — 8thly. The Ordnance, specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; — pthly. The Army, specifying the Amount of the Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, videlicet, for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half-Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospital; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices; specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the extraordinary' Services of the Army and the principal Articles thereof; — lothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively; — nthly. Miscellaneous Services; specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad, respectively; — And Lastly; specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; dist the separate Expences of and for Great Britain, from those which belong to it wdth Ireland - -- - - -- - 9*5-

(No. 69.) 6* Maii. ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1802, lender the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List, Advances, and-any other Head of Public Service, specifying the same; distinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for; inclosing several Accounts by way of Appendix - -- -- -- 9*7-

(No. 70.) 7* M — IRELAND — ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands outstanding on 5th January 1802: under the Heads of Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Prizes; dist under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided; and also what Part of the said Debt and Demand was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was unprovided for ----- ----- - - - 922*

(No. 71.) 7* Maii. ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Month of June 1802 ibid.

(No. 72.) 11* jlfa/7. TRANSLATION of a Treaty between his Catholic Majesty and the Prince Regent of Portugal, signed at Badajoz, June 6th 1801 TRANSLATION of a Treaty of Peace between the French Republic and the Kingdom of Portugal, signed at Madrid the 9th Vendemiaire, Year Ten, 29th September 1801 ----- ----- -- ibid.

(No. 73.) 11® Maii. TRANSLATION of additional Articles, signed at Moscow the 20/8 October 1801, to the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Ruifia, concluded at St. Peterffiurgh, the 17/5 June 1801 - - - TRANSLATION of Declaration explanatory of the Second Section of the Third Article of the Convention concluded at Peterffiurgh the 17/5 June 1801, between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia, signed at Moscow, the 2C^8 October 1801 - TRANSLATION of Act of Accession of his Majesty the King of Denmark and Norway, to the Convention of the 17/5 June 1801, and Acceptance of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland - - - - TRANSLATION of Act of Accession of his Majesty the King of Sweden, to the Convention of the 17/5 June 1801; and Acceptance of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ----- -- r 9*4- „ 9*5-- ibi4„ _ 926.

(No. 74.) 12° hlaii. ESTIMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for One Lunar Month, commencing 21st May 1802 - ESTIMATE of the Money that will be necessary for the Payment of the Hire of Transports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War, which will become payable between the 21st May and 17th June 1802, being One Lunar Month ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for One Lunar Month, commencing 21 ft'May 1802 ibid. 9*7- ibida

Vol. 57. 8 I

APPENDIX.

(No* )

14* A

(No. 76.)

14* A

(No. 77.) 14® A/tf//.

(No. 78.) 19® Maii.

(No. 79.)

19® Mail.

(No. 80.)

22® Mail.

(No. 81.) 24® A/a/V.

(No. 82.)

25* Mail,

(No. 83.) 2®

ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Monies which would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty's Civil Govern* inent in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown enjoyed by his late Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th January 1802, so far as the same can be made Up: Distinguishing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be afesrtained; shewing also the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty during the same Period, in lieu of those Revenues; and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament during the said Period, for the Di (charge of the Civil List Debts; and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account ——

ACCOUNT of the Profit and Loss on all Exchequer Bills; distinguishing those issued under each Act of Parliament, with the Dates thereto; from January 1800, to the latest Period the same can be made up ——

LIST of all the Englifti-built Ships in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the iff January 1801; specifying the Names and Actual Tonnage of each, and the Years In which they were respectively built ----- ---....

LIST of Ships and Vessels not British-built, in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the ill January 1801 ----- - ....

ACCOUNT of the Quantity and Value of Mahogany, and also of Logwood and other Dying Woods, imported into Great Britain in the several Years from 1787 to 1801 mclusive; distinguishing the Years and the Countries, from which the same were

a ported

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Gum Senega, Cam Wood, Ebony, and Red Wood, imported into Great Britain from Africa, in the Years 1790, 1791, 1792, and 1793....

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Linen and Hempen Yarn, imported into Great Britain for Ten Years preceding the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, and the Value thereof respectively

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Flax and Hemp, and of Flax and Hemp Seed, imported into Great Britain for the Ten Years preceding the 5th of January 1802; distinguishing eaeh Year, and the Places from whence imported, and the Values thereof respectively - - - - ....

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar and Rum, imported into and exported from Great Britain, between the 5th Day of January 1801, and the 5th Day of January 1802; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon -

— IRELAND —

Twenty-sixth REPORT of the Commissioner* of Account for Ireland

ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into and all Exports from Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of Imports from the East Indies tod China from the Value of all other Imports; and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and Manufhftures exported from the Value of Foreign Articles exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending 5 th January 1802 ——

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the (cveral Ports of the British Empire, between the jth January 1789 and the 5th January 1801....

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, *794> *795> x796» *797* *798, 1799, 1800, and 1801; distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in America and the West Indies ——

ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1789, rnl the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British PUntarions in America and the West Indies

ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Oak Plank and Oak Timber imported into England for Tw'enty-five Years lall past; distinguisti-ing the Places from whence imported, and each Year - -

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Timber and Plank used in His Majesty's Navy, from ift January 1780, to 31 December 1801

ACCOUNT of the Stock of Timber that would be desirable or necessary to be kept in the respective Yardsj for the effectual and constant Repairs, Rebuilding, and keeping up the Navy ——

ACCOUNT of the Contraft Prices for Timber and Plank paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, since the Year 1770, to the latest Period the same can be made up ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, See, including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and in New South Wales, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 15th of March 1802, to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days - - - - -.....-

PARTICULARS of the Annual Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following -

ESTIMATE

PAGE.

928

ibid.

93°-93 *

932t

937-

93&-

ibid.

942.

943-

954-

ibid.

955'

9 56. 958.

960.

ibid.

9 Si,'

963-

965-

966.

ibid.

ibid.

APPENDIX.

(No. 83.)

A S'/ *

2 JUK

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in India, from the 25 th March 1802, to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons and Fifteen Regiment* of Foot, for Service in East India, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Turpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th May 1802, to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th of June 1802, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.....^..... -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry, and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th March 1802, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the PaymafUr General, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 27$ Diys ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kil main ham, from the 25th of Much 1802, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainhara, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from 25th March 1802, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces,*in the United Kingdom df Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th of March 1802, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantiy, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the respective Periods therein mentioned . ....

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Departments, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days....

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from 25th March 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days - -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Royal Military College, Sec, Sec, Scc. for the Year 1802 ——

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences of the General Staff of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1802 - - -t

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences of the Senior Department of the Royal Military College, for the Year

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences at the Junior Department of the Royal Military College, for the Year 180? -

ESTIMATE of the further Expences expected to be incurred in completing-the Buildings of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers ——

PAG E.

968.

969.

970.

ibid.

971.

ibid.

972.

ibid.

973, ibid.

974*

ibid.

975-

ibid.

ibid.

976.

ibid.

ibid.

(No. 84.)

3*

(No. 85.)

3° Juu

(No. 86.) 3* Juu

(No. 87.)

9* Jia

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers $ of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beerj and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 92 Days - ....

F.sTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th June 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days ——

EST1MA7 E of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th March 1802, to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, from 25th March 1802, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days ——

977*

ibid.

97S.

ibid.' ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from 25th May to 24th December 1802

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Great Britain, for Six Months, from ift July to 31 December 1802$ and of the liud Charge in Ireland for the same Time ——

— IRELAND —

ACCOUNT of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their Extraordinary Trouble in the Year iSoa

ACCOUNT of the Expence of compiling, printing, and binding the Eighth Volume of the Journals of the House of Lords of Ireland, and Index thereto - -'- *

979-

ibid.

985.

ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Sums remaining unpaid on Account of printing and binding One Thousand Fire Hundred Copies of the New Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland - -

ACCOUNT of the Sums remaining unpaid to the Persons employed in preparing a New Edition of the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland, in making Indexes to the several Volumes, and a General Index to the whole Work.

ibid.

986.

___„ . ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- — . — .....i — ..... — ..... -

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1802

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding?, and Repairs of Ships df War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of

Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1802 - - - *....

ESTIMATE

ibid.

987.

VOL. 57.

APPENDIX. PAGE.

(No. 87.) 9° Ju (ontinutd. 1 _ 1 E^TINVATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Tran (ports, and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, which will become payable between the 18th June 1802, and 3 III December following - -- -- -- -- ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for Seven LtUiat* Months, commencing the 18th of June 1802 989. ibid.

(No. 88.) 9* Ju — IRELAND — ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Yeomanry Corps of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802 990.

(No. S9.) 90 J ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums wanting to complete £. 3,100,000, granted out of the Monies that shall arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1801 - -- - ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills iffneci per Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 33, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such " Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1800; and to enable the Governor " and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion to be remitted Abroad, on Account 6f Foreign Subsidies or u Services Abroad j" outstanding and unprovided for - - - ibid. ibid.

(No. 90.) 10* ''j ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Valuation of the Dutch Ships which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchell, at the New Deep, on the 30th August 1799 - -- -- - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Excels in the Year ending 5th January 1802, beyond the Sum limited by the Act 32 Geo. III. cap. 53, as the . Annual Charge for the Expences of the Seven Police Offices - -- - ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in the Prosecution of George Stratton, Esquire, and others, for deposing Lord Pigot, and usurping the Government of Fort Saint George in the East Indies ----- ----- - 991.

ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred by the Sierra Leone Company for Maroons which were sent there from Halifax ibid.

ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanting to defray the Expences of the Commission under the 6th and 7th Articles of the American Treaty - - - - - ibid.

ACCOUNT qC the Expences incurred in printing the 54th and 55th Volumes of the Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, with the Indexes thereto - - ----- ----- --- ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Qum that may be wanted to defray the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House Commons, for printing ami delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament,* including Two Volumes of Population Returns ----- ibid.

ACCOUNT of Expences incurred under the Directions of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for publishing the Records of the Kingdom -- ----- - ----- -- ibid.

.: ACCOUNT of Expences incurred by Me firs. Eyre and Strahan, in pursuance of an Act of 41 Geo. III. for taking an Account Of the Population of Great Britain - 992.

v ACCOUNT of- Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the Two Houses of Parliament, and of the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons ----- ----- ----- ---- ibid.

ACCOUNT of Expences incurred in the Alterations that were necessary in the Change of the Apartments allotted to the Office of Duchy of Cornwall, in Somerset Place - -- -- - - ibid.

ACCOUNT of Expences incurred in the Repairs of the Fleet Prison ----- ----- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services for Nine Months, from the ill of April r8o2, to the ill of January 1803 - -- - - -- -' ibid.

. ! V - w„y ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, from the 23th of March i8or, to the 25th of March 1802 - - - 993

(No. 92.) 11" J ESTIMATE of the proposed Increase of Half Pay to Commission Officers, and of the proposed Additional Pay to Warrant Officers, for Six Months, commencing ill July 1802 - -- - - - ibid.

(No. 93.) - 110 Ju- -IRELAN D — ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Civil Contingent Charges for the Service of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 1802 ----- -- ----- - ibid.

_ (No. 94.) — A (V ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland in the Year ended 23th March iSoi* - - - 994-

I I J/W//. , ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Value of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Ireland, exported to Foreign Counn u; distinguishing the Value of the Exports to Foreign Countries in Europe, from the Value to all other Foreign Countries; in the Year ended 25th March 1801 - - - - -' - - - - -'- ibid.

(No. 95.) 11° ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended Hie 5th January 1802 ;-distinguishing England from Scotland, and distinguhhing under each Head of Revenue the Amount of the Grots Receipt, the Rate Per-Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively; distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate per Centum for colliding the lame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively; distin-- guuhing aho the Paynunvw into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills ill the Hands of the several Officers of the R'.vtnue on the 5th Days of January 1801 and 1802 respectively, applicable to or arising from the Revenue of the said Year; together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January i8ci and 1802 respectively. whether appropriated or unappropriated, and the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Irmiport Bills, illiied for the Public Service between the Days above mentioned, and not redeemed within that Period ----- -- / $9^.

42 Geo. III. Lift of Appendix. 677

APPENDIX. . PAGE.

(No. 96.) 15* Ju ACCOUNTS, shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1801; viz. From the Treasury — Secretary of State, Home Department — Secretary of State, Foreign Department — Secretary of State, War Department — Alien Office — War Office — Ordnance Office — Admiralty — Navy — Victualling — Sick and Hurt — Transport Office — Tax Office — Stamp Office — Post Office — Customs — Excise — Exchequer Bill Office — Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts — Muster Mailer General's Office--Lottery Office — Stationary Office — Customs, Scotland — Excise, Scotland — Comptrollers Army Accounts — Auditors Land Revenue — Barrack Office — Signet Office — Office for the Reduction of the National Debt — Hackney Coach Office — Mint — Surveyor Crown Lands — Paymaster General — Auditors Receipt of the Exchequer — Surveyor General of Woods — Solicitor of the Treasury — Receiver of the 1 /. 6d. Duties on Pensions, Sec. — Remembrancer of First Fruits — Receiver of First Fruits — Receiver of Tenths — Privy Seal Office — and Hawkers and Pedlars Office t 995.

(No. 97.) 15* Junii. \ STATEMENT of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for Regulating, Directing, Approving, and Confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of Redeeming tfieir Land Tax - 1619.

(No. 98.) 18' J — EAST INDIA COMPANY- ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post: Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium and Stamp Duties, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same - -- -- - 1021.

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charge defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahnr, and OrifTa, and in Benares and Oude; — distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine*, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances; and Charges on account of salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same - -- -- -- -- - ibid-.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and AChial Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude $:bfidy, Land Revenues, Police, Customs, the Receipts from the* Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 1800-1} and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; — distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine; and the Charges ot F.uildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year - -- - - -- - 1022*

ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the PrefiJency of Fort St. George and the Settlements subordimte thereto, in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs; Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same - 1023',

' i ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St. George and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications; and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same - - ----- -- ibid.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort St, George and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs; Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c.; Lands, Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 18001; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circarsdistinguishing the same reflectively under the several Heuds of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and, Collecting the Revenues and Customs - 1024;

ACCOUNT of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, See. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same ----- ----- --- - 1025.

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed hv the East -India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay and the Settlements fuboidinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the rcipecftive Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together 1 with the latest Estimate of the same -. - - - tbtd.

A COMPARISON of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, Sec. for the Year 1800-1; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of, Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs ----- - ----- ----- - 1026;

ACCOUNT of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the hteft Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same ----- -- I027.

ACCOUNT of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same - - - - % - ----- --- ibid.

AMOUNT of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices - -- -- -- - 1028.

(No. 99.) 180 Junii. STATEMENT of the Expences incurred for the Payment of Salaries to the Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers, under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, amt for discharging the Incidental Expences attending the Execution of those Acts, from the 5th of April 1801 (the Period to whicl| the last Statement was made up), to the 5th April 1S02, as far as the same can be ascertained - 1029.

VOL. 57.

8 K

by v

APPENDIX.

Appendix* TRANSLATION of Convention between Hi« Britaknic Majiitt and the Emperor of Russia, signed at St. Peters-(No. I.) burgh, the -fr June 1801.

30* OBobris;

c — - In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity.

THE mutual Desire of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruflias, being not only to come to an Under-Banding between themselves with respect to the Differences which have lately interrupted the good Understanding and friendly Relations which subsisted between the Two Spates; but also to prevent, by frank and precise Explanations upon the Navigation of their respective Subjects, the Renewal of similar Altercations and Troubles which might be the Confluence of them; and the common Object of the Solicitude of their said Majrftie being to settle, as soon as can be done, an equitable Arrangement of those Differences, and an invariable Determination of their Principles upon the Rights of Neutrality, in their Application to their respective Monarchies, in order to unite more closely the Ties of Priendship and good Intercourse, of which they acknowledge the Utility and the Benefits, have named and chosen for their Plenipotentiaries; w/*. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Alleyne Lord Baron Saint Helens, His said Majesty's Privy Counsellor, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruflias; and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruflias, the Sieur Nikita Count de Panin, his Privy Counsellor, Minister of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs, present Chamberlain, Knight Grand Croft of the Orders of Saint Alexander Newflcy, and of Saint Anne of the First Class, of that of Saint Ferdinand, and of Merit, of the Red Eagle, and of Saint Lazarus; who, after having communicated their respective full Powers, and found them in good and due Form, have agreed upon the following Points and Articles:

ARTICLE L There (Ball be hereafter between His Britannic Majesty and his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias, their Subjects, the States and Countries under their Dominion, good and unalterable Friendftiip and Understanding; and all die political, commercial, and other Relations of common Utility between the respective Subjects, shall subsist as formerly, without their being disturbed or troubled in any Manner whatever.

ARTICLE II.

His Britannic Majesty and the Emperor of all the Ruflias declare, that they will watch over the most rigorous Execution of the Prohibitions against the Trade of Contraband of their Subjects with the Enemies of either of the High Contracting Parties.

ARTICLE HI.

His Britannic Majesty and his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias having resolved to place, under a fufijeieut Safeguard, the Free-dorn of Commerce, and Navigation of their Subjects, in case One of them shall be at War, whilst the other shall be Neuter, have agreed:

I*. That the Ships of the Neutral Power may navigate freely to the Ports, and upon the Cosfts of the Nations at War.

2*°. That the Effects embarked on board Neutral Ships shall be free, with the Exception of Contraband of War, and of Enemy's Property; and it is agreed not to comprize, in the Numbet of the VOL. 57.

latter, the Merchandize of the Produce, Growth, or Manufacture of the Countries at War, which should have been acquired by the Subjects of the Neutral Power, and should lie transported for their Account, which Merchandize cannot be accepted in any same from the Freedom granted to the Flag of the said Power. v

3Ii#. That, in order to avoid all Equivocation and Misunder-standing of what ought to be considered as Contraband of War, His Britannic Majesty, and his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias declare, conformably to the nth Article of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between the Two Crowns, on the February 1797, That they acknowledge as such the following Objects only; viz. Cannons, Mortars, Fire Arms, Pistols, Bombs, Grenades, Balls, Bullets, Firelocks, Flints, Matches, Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Sulphur, Cuiraffes, Pikes, Swords, Sword Belts, Knapsacks, SaddLs, and Bridles, excepting, how ever, the Quantity 01 the said Articles which may be necessary for the Defence of the Ship, and of those who compose the Crew; and all other Articles whatever, not enumerated here, shall not be reputed Warlike and Naval Stores, nor be subject to Confiscation, and of course shall pass freely, without being subjected to the smallest Difficulty, unless they be considered Enemy's Property in the Sense above specified. It is also agreed that, that which is stipulated in the present Article shall not be prejudicial to the particular Stipulations of one or the other Crown with other Powers, by which Objects of a similar Kind should be reserved, prohibited, or permitted.

4t0. That, in order to determine what characterifes a blockaded Port, that Denomination is given only to a Port where there is, by the Dispositions of the Power which attacks it with Ships stationary, or sufficiently near, an evident Danger in entering.

5to. That the Ships of the Neutral Power shall not be (lopped but upon just Causes and evident Facts; that they be tried without Delay; and that the Proceeding be always uniform, prompt, and legal.

In order the better to insure the RespeCi due to these Stipulations, dilated by the sincere Desire of conciliating every Imereft, and to give a new Proof of their Uprightness and Love of Justice, the High Contracting Parties enter here into the most formal Engagement to renew the severest Prohibitions to their Captains, whether of Ships of War, or Merchantmen, to take, keep, or conceal, on board their Ships, any of the Objects which, in the Terms of the present Convention, may be reputed Contraband, and respectively to take Care of the Execution of the Order* which they shall have pubiiftied in their Admiralties, and wherever it shall be necessary.

ARTICLE IV.

The Two High Contracting Parties, wishing % Hb to prevent all Subject of Diffension in future, by limiting the Right of Search of Merchant Ships going under Convoy to those Cafes only in which the Belligerent Power might experience a real Prejudice by the Abuse of the Neutral Flag, have agreed,

I*. That the Right of searching Merchant Ships belonging to the Subjects of One of the Contracting Parries, and navigating under Convoy of a Ship of War of the said Power, shall only be exercised by Ships of War of the Belligerent Parry, and shall never extend to Letters of Marque, Privateers, or other Vefllls, which do not belong to the Royal or Imperial f leet of their Majesties, but which their Subjects shall have fitted out for War.

a*0. That the Proprietors of all Merchant Ships, belonging to the Subjects of One of the Contracting Sovereigns, which shall be destined to fail under Convoy of a Ship of War, shall be

8 L required

Appendix, (No. 1.) 30° Oct obis.

Appendix, (No. i.)

30® OElobri:y

continued*

quired, before they receive their Sailing Orders, to produce to the Commander of the Convoy their Passports and Certificates, or Sea Letters, in the Form annexed to the present Treaty.

3*^. That when such Ship of War, having under Convoy Merchant Ships, shall be met with by a Ship or Ships of War of the other Contracting Party, who shall then be in a State of War, in order to avoid all Disorder, they shall keep out of Cannot Shot, unless the State of the Sea, or the Place of Meeting, render a nearer Approach necessary; and the Commander of the Ship of the Belligerent Power shall fend a Boat on board the Convoy, where they shall proceed reciprocally to the Verification of the Papers and Certificates that are to prove on one Part, that the Ship of War is authorized to take under its Escort such or such Merchant Ships of its Nation, laden with such a Cargo, and for such a Port; on the other Part, that the Ship of War of the Belligerent Party belongs to the Royal or Imperial Fleet of their Majesties.

4t % . This Verification made, there shall be no Pretence for any Search, if the Papers are found in Form, and if there exists no good Motive for Suspicion. In the contrary Cafe, the Commander of the Neutral Ship of War (being duly required thereto by the Commanderof the Ship or Ships of War of the Belligerent Power) is to bring to, and detain his Convoy during the Time necessary for the Search of the Ships which compose it, and he shall have the Faculty of naming and delegating One or more Officers to assist at the Search of the said Ships, which shall be done in his Presence on board each Merchant Ship, conjointly with One or more Officers appointed by the Commander of the Ship of the Belligerent Party.

If it happens that the Commander of the Ship or Ships of the Power at War, having examined the Papers found on board, and having interrogated the Matter and Crew of the Ship, shall fee just and sufficient Reason to detain the Merchant Ship, in order to proceed to an ulterior Search, he shall notify such Intention to the Commander of the Convoy, who shall have the Power to order an Officer to remain on board the Ship thus detained, and to attitt at the Examination of the Cause of her Detention. The Merchant Ships shall be carried immediately to the neared and most convenient Port belonging to the Belligerent Power, and the ulterior Search shall be carried on with all possible Diligence.

ARTICLE V.

It is in like Manner agreed, that if any Merchant Ship, thus convoyed, should be detained without just and sufficient Cause, the Commander of the Ship or Ships of War of the Belligerent Power shall not only be bound to make to the Owners of the Ship and of the Cargo a full and perfect Compenffition for all the Lottes, Expences, Damages, and Costs, occasioned by such a Detention, but shall moreover undergo an ulterior Punishment for every Ad of Violence or other Fault which he may have committed, according as the Nature of the same may require. On the other Hand, the Convoying Ship shall not be permitted, under any Pretext whatsoever, to refill by Force the Detention of the Merchant Ship or Ships of War of the Belligerent Power; an Obligation to which the Commander of a Ship of War with Convoy is not bound to observe towards Letters of Marque and Privateers.

ARTICLE VI.

The High Contracting Parties shall give precise and efficacious Orders, that the Judgments upon Prizes made at Sea shall be conformable with the Rules of the most exact Justice and Equity; that they shall be given by Judges above Suspicion, and who shall not be interested in the Affair in question. The Government of the respective States shall take care that the said Decisions shall be speedily and duly executed, according to the Forms prescribed: and, in case of an unfounded Detention, or other Contravention to the Regulations stipulated by the present Article, the Owners of such Ship and Cargo shall be allowed Damages proportioned to the Loss occasioned thereby. The Rules to observe for these Damages, and for the same of unfounded Detention, as also the Principles to follow for the Purpose of accelerating the Process, shall be the Matter of Additional Articles, which the Contracting Parties agree to settle between them, and which shall have the same Force and Validity as if they were inferred in the present Act. For this Efted, their Britanuic and Imperial Majestics mutually engage to put their Hand to the salutary Work which may Icrve for the Completion of theie Stipulations, and to communicate to each other, without Delay, the Views which may be fuggetted' 4

to them by their equal Solicitude to prevent the lead Grounds for Dispute in future.

ARTICLE VII.

To obviate all the Inconveniencies which may arise from the bad Faith of those who avail themselves of the Flag of a Nation without belonging to it, it is agreed to establish, for an invariable Rule, that any Vessel whatever, in order to be considered as the Property of the Country the Flag of which it carries, mutt have on board the Captain of the Ship, and One Half of the Crew, of the People of that Country, and the Papers and Passports in due and perfect Form; but every Vessel which shall not observe this Rule, and which shall infringe the Ordinances published on that Head, shall lose all Rights to the Protection of the Contracting Powers.

ARTICLE VIII.

The Principles and Measures adopted by the present Act shall be alike applicable to all the Maritime Wars in which One of the Two Powers may be engaged, whilll the other remains neutral. These Stipulations shall in consequence be regarded as permanent, and shall serve for a constant Rule to the Contracting Powers ia Matters of Commerce and Navigation.

ARTICLE IX.

His Majesty the King of Denmark, and his Majesty the King of Sweden, shall be immediately invited by his Imperial Majesty, in the Name of the Two Contracting Parties, to accede to the present Convention, and at the same Time to renew and confirm their respective Treaties of Commerce with His Britannic Majesty; and His said Majesty engages, by Acts which shall have established that Agreement, to render and restore to each of these Powers all the Prizes that have been taken from them, as well as the Territories and Countries under their Dominion, w'hich have been conquered by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty since the Rupture, in the State in which those Possessions were found at the Period at which the Troops of His Britannic Majesty entered them. The Orders of His said Majesty, for the Restitution of those Prizes and Conquests, shall be immediately expedited after the Exthange of the Ratifications'of the Acts by which Sweden and Denmark shall accede to the present Treaty.

ARTICLE X.

The present Convention shall be ratified by the Two Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications exchanged at St. Petersburgh in the Space of Two Months at furthest, from the Day of the Signature.

In Faith of which the respective Plenipotentiaries have caused to be made Two Copies thereof, perfectly similar, signed with their Hands; and have caused the Seal of their Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Saint Petersburgh, the June One thousand Eight hundred and One.

(l. s.) S' Helens. (l. s.) N. Oe de Panin.

FORMULA of the Passports and Sea Letters which are to be delivered in the respective Admiralties of the States of the Two High Con trading Parties, to the Ships and Vessels which shall fail from them, conformable to Article IV. of the present Treaty.

Be it known, that We have given Leave and Permission to N — , of the City or Place of Matter and Condudor

of the Ship N — , belonging to N — , of the Port of N — , of N — Tons or thereabouts, now lying in the Port or Harbour of N — , to fail from thence to N — laden with N — , on Account of N — after the said Ship shall have been visited before its Departure, in the usual Manner, by the Officers appointed for that Purpose; and the said N — , or such other as shall be veiled with Powers to replace him, shall be obliged to producc, in every Port or Harbour which he shall enter with the said Vessel, to the Officers of the Place, the present Licence, and to carry the Flag of N — during his Voyage.

In Faith of which, &c.

TRANSLATION of First Separate Article of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia.

The pure and mignanimous Intentions of his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias having already induced him to restore the Vessels and Goods of British Subjects, which had been fe-questered in Russia, his said Majesty confirms that Dispofidon in its whole Extent; and His Britannic Majesty engages Himself also to give immediate Orders for taking off ail Sequestration laid upon the Russian, Danish, and Swedish Properties, detained in English Ports; and to prove tlil! more His fir.cere Desire to terminate amicably the Differences which have arisen between Great Britain and the Northern Courts, and in order that no new Incident may throw Obllacles in the Way of this salutary Work, His Britannic Majesty binds Himself to give Orders to the Commanders of His Forces by Land and Sea, that the Armistice, now subsisting with the Courts of Denmark and Sweden, shall be prolonged for a Term of Three Months, from the Date of this Dav; and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rufiias, guided by the same Motive s, undertakes, in the Name of his Allies, to have this A.miitice maintained during the said Term.

This Separate Article shall have the same Force and Validity, as if it were inserted Word for Word in the Treaty signed this Day; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time.

In Faith of which, the respective Plenipotentiaries have caused to be made Two Copies thereof, perfectly similar, signed with their Hands; and have caused the Seal of their Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Saint Petersburgh, the T'T June xSoi.

(l. s.) S' Helens. ( l. s.) N. C" de Panin.

TRANSLATION of Second Separate Article of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Ruffii.

The Differences and Misunderstandings which fubfilted between His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and His Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, being thus terminated, and the Precautions taken by the present Convention not giving further room to fear that they can in future disturb the Harmony and good Understanding which the Two High Contracting Parties have at Heirt to consolidate. Their said Majesties confirm anew, by the present Convention, the Treaty of Commerce of the J*. February 1797, of which all the Stipulations are here cited, to be maintained in their whole Extent.

This Separate Article shall have the same Force and Validity as if it were inserted Word for Word in the Treaty signed this Day; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time.

In Fabh of which the respective Plenipotentiaries have caused to be made Two Copies thereof, perfectly similar, signed with their Hinds; and have causeJ the Seal of their Arms to be affixed

thereto. '

Done at Sffrnt Petersburgh, the Vy June 1S01.

(l.s.) S! Helens. (l. s.).

FRAN S L A T I O N of the Decla ration of the Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor of Russia.

Although the magnanimous Intention of His Imperial Ma-jcilv of all the Ruffias to do fa!! and entire Justice to those British Subjects who have suffered Lodes during the Troubles which have disturbed the good Intelligence between his Empire and Great Britain, be already proved by Falls, His Imperial Majesty, confuting solely his good Faith, has moreover authorized the under-figoed Plenipotentiary to declare, as he does declare, by these Prrfenu:

VOL. 57.

" That all the Ships, the Merchandize, and the Property of " British Subjects, which had been sequestrated during the lall " Reign in Russia, shall not only be faithfully restored to the said u British Subjects, or to their Agents, but also that for the Effects " which may have been alienated in such a Manner as to render " it impossible for them to be restored in Kind, a suitable Equiva- lent shall be granted to the Proprietors, which Equivalent shall " be hereafter determined according to the Rules of Equity."

Appendix, (No. ..)

30° OBobris,

continued.

In Faith of which We, Plenipotentiary of His Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, have signed the present Declaration; and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Saint Petersburgh, the June 1801.

(l.s.) N. C;e de Panin.

COPY of Preliminary Articles of Peace between His Majesty and the French Republic; signed at London the 1 ft of October 1801.

His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and I reland, and the First Confu! of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, being animated with an equal Desire of putting an End to the Calamities ofp. destructive War, and of re-establishing Union and good Uudcrstanding between the Two Countries, have named for this Purpose; namely. His Britannic Majesty, the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, commonly called Lord Hawkesbury, One of His Britannic Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the First Consul of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, Citizen Lewis William Otto, Commissary for the Exchange of French Prisoners in England; who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, in good Form, have agreed on the following Preliminary Articles:

ARTICLE I.

As soon as the Preliminaries shall be signed and ratified, sincere Friendship shall be re-established between His Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, by Sea and by Land, in all Parts of the World; and in order that all Hostilities may cease immediately between the Two Powers, and between them and their Allies respectively, the necessary Instructions shall be sent, with the ut-moil Dispatch, to the Commanders of the Sea and Land Forces of the respective States; and each of the Contracting Parties engages to grant Passports, and every Facility requisite to accelerate the Arrival and ensure the Execution of these Orders. It is farther agreed, That all Conquests which may hare been made by either of the Contracting Parties from the otTier, or from their respective Allies, subsequently to the Ratification of the present Preliminaries, shall be considered as of no Effect, and shall be faithfully comprehended in the Restitutions to be made after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

ARTICLE II.

His Britannic Majesty shall restore to the French Republic and her Allies; namely, to his Catholic Majesty, and to the Batavian Republic, all the Possessions and Colonies occupied or conquered by the English Forces in the Course of the present War, with the Exception of the I Hand of Trinidad, and the Dutch Pofff ffions in the Istand of Ceylon; of which Island and Possessions His Britannic Majesty reserves to Himself the full and entire Sovereignty.

ARTICLE III.

The Port of the Cape of Good Hope shall be open to the Commerce and Navigation of the Two Contracting Parties, who shall enjoy therein the same Advantages.

ARTICLE IV.

The Island of Malta, with its Dependencies, shall be evacuated by the Troops of His Britannic Majesty, and restored to the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. For the Purpose of rendering this Istand completely independent of either of the Two Contracting Parties, it shall be placed under the Guarantee and Protection of a Third Power, to be agreed upon in the Definitive Treaty.

ARTICLE V.

Egypt Hull be redored to the Sublime Porte, whole Territories and Possessions shall be preferred entire, such as they existed previously to the present War.

ARTICLE VL

The Territories and Possessions of her Mod Faithful Majesty shall likewise be preserved entire.

ARTICLE VII.

The French Forces shall evacuate the Kingdom of Naples and the Roman Territory. The English Forces shall in like Manner evacuate Porto Ferrajo; and, generally, all the Ports and Idands which they may occupy in the Mediterranean or in the Adriatic.

ARTICLE VIII.

The Republic of the Seven Idands shall be acknowledged by the French Republic.

ARTICLE IX.

The Evacuations, Cedions, and Reditutions, (lipulated for by the present Preliminary Articles, shall take place in Europe within One Month; in the Continent and Seas of America and of Africa, within Three Months; and in the Continent and Seas of Alia, within Six Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

ARTICLE X.

The Prisoners made respectively shall, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Definitive Treaty, all be redored, and without Ran Com, on paying reciprocally the Debts which they may have individually con traded. Discussions having arisen respecting the Payment for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, the Contracting Powers reserve this Question to be settled ky the Definitive Treaty, according to the Law of Nations, and in Conformity to established Usage.

A R T I C L E XI.

In order to prevent all Canfes of Complaint and Dispute which may arise on Account of Prizes which may be made at Sea after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles, it is reciprocally agreed that the Vessels and Effects which may be taken in the British Channel and in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles, shall be redored on each Side; that the Term shall be One Month, from the British Channel and the North Seas, as far as the Canary Idands induftvely, whether in the Ocean or in the Mediterranean; Two Months, from the said Canary Islands as far as the Equator; and ladly. Five Months in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception, or any more particular Description of Time or Place.

ARTICLE XII.

All Sequedrations imposed by either of the Parties on the Funded Property, Revenues, or Debts, of any Description, belonging to either of the Contracting Powers, or to their Subjects or Citizens, shall be taken off immediately after the Signature of the Definitive Treaty. The Decision of all Claims brought forward by Individuals of the one Country against Individuals of the other, for private Rights, Debts, Property, or Effects whatsoever, which, according to received Usages and the Law of Nations, ought to revive at the Period of Peace, dull be heard and decided before the competent Tribunals; and in all Cases, prompt and

Appendix, (No...) 30® Oflobris,

continued.

ample Justice shall be administered in the Countries where the Claims are made* It is agreed, moreover, that this Article, immediately after the Ratificatiofn of the Definitive Treaty, dull apply to the Allies of the Controlling Parties, and to the Individuals of the respective Nations, upon the Condition of a jud Reciprocity.

article xnr.

With respect to the Fisheries on the Coads of the Idand of Newfoundland, and of the Idands adjacent; and in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, the Two Parties have agreed to redore them to the same Footing on which they were before the p'-efent War; reserving to themselves the Power of making in the Definitive Treaty, such Arrangements as shall appear jud and reciprocally useful, in order to place the Fishing of the Two Nations on the most proper Footing for the Maintenance of Peace.

ARTICLE XIV.

In all the Cafes of Reditution agreed upon by the present Treaty, the Fortifications shall be delivered up in the State in which they may be at the Time of the Signature of the present Treaty; and all the Works which shall have been conlhutted since the Occupation shall remain untouched.

It is farther agreed, that in all the Cafes of Cedion dipulated in the present Treaty, there shall be allowed to the Inhabitant, of whatever Condition or Nation they may be, a Term of Three Years, to be computed from the Notification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, for the Purpose of disposing of their Properties acquired and possessed either before or during the present War; in the which Term of Three Years they may have the free fixer-cife of their Religion, and Enjoyment of their Property.

The same Privilege (half be granted in the Countries redored, to all those who shall have made therein any Edablishments whatsoever, during the Time when those Countries were in the Pose session of Great Britain.

With respect to the other Inhabitants of the Countries redored or ceded, it is agreed, that none of them shall be prosecuted, didurbed, or moleded, in their Persons or Properties, under any Pretext, on Account of their Conduct or Political Opinions, or of their Attachment to either of the Two Powers, nor on any other Account except that of Debts contracted to Individuals, or on Account of Alls poderior to the Definitive Treaty.

ARTICLE XV.

The present Preliminary Articles shall be ratified, and the Ratifications exchanged in London, in the Space of Fifteen Days, for all Delay; and immediately after their Ratification, Plenipoteiu tiaries shall be named, on each Side, who shall repair to Amiens for the Purpose of concluding a Definitive Treaty of Peace, im concert with the Allies of the Controlling Parties.

In Witness whereof, Wc, the undersigned Plenipotentiaries, of His Britannic Majesty, and of the Fird Consul of the French Republic, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have signed the present Preliminary Articles, and have caused our Seals to be put thereto.

Done at London the Fird Day of October One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Ninth Vendcmiaire, Year Ten of the French Republic.

(l. s.) Hawkesbury. (l. s.) Otto.

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's NAVY, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it *oth October 1801. j

Hood on the 30th of September 1801.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

NAVY:

Due -For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Naval Stores, Freight of Tenders, Slop Cloath-ing, Bedding for Seamen, &c. supplied for the Sendee of the Navy -For Stores delivered into His Maidly's several Yards, Freight of Tenders, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the 30th September 1801; as also for several Bills of Exchange accepted ——

For Wages to His Majesty's several Yards and Ropeyards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - - - - ....

For Hnif i‘av to Sea Officers, according to an Elfobliftiment made by His Majesty in Council On that Eriaif ....

To pay the Wages unpaid on Books of Ships paid olf - -

To Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay, on the 30th September 1801 -

VICTUALLING:

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due -For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for rrcvisions. Stores, Sc. - -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made\>ut on the 30th September 1S01 ——

For Necdlary and hxtra-Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Orhcers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Port* -For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Snips in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

SICK and WOUNDED:

As per Account received from those CommLTioners; viz.

Due--For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty^ Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office -

TRANSPORTS:

As per Account received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due .-For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for the Freight of Transports and Stores, and for the Subfiffence, Chathing, &c. of Prisoners of War in Health

For Freight of Transports, and for Stores supplied; Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also, for Subfiffence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 30th September k 801 ——

The Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurers of the Navy, and due from the Exchequer, of the Naval Supplies for the Year 1801, being less than One Fourth Part of the Whole — the Difference is added to the above Debt

The Debt of the Navy will then.be Nine Million Two Hundred and Twenty-three Thousand and Seventy.eight Pounds Sixpence Farthing -

Particular*.

Appendix*

(No. 2.)

40 Novembris

TOTAL

£ s.

>.2*5.355 >3 9

875,768 10 1

452,37* — — 152.9*5 9 5

363,581 12 1

765*57 ——

750.289 1 7

44,241 18 11 117,891 4 5

67,689 10 1

32,628 19 i_

4.835.249 5 4-

332,49! 15 31 I, M3,340 13 7J

1,012,740 14 I

>43-744 >8 8

1,445,832 8 10

7,437,567 6 *l

1,785,510 13 7i

9,223,078 — 6J

Mem". — There wu remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 30th September 1801, in MONE Y, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In whit TREASURER'S HANDS. On the HEADS of T fl T A T

t Na?y. Victualling. Sick and Wounded. 1 Transports. 1 (J 1 A L#

R1 Hb,° Henry Dundas; iff Treasurership - £ ' ' 5*33 > 4 >°I £ d. 1*6 ii 3 £. d. 10 14 11 £ ' J- £. s. d. 5.458 11 1

R1 HMc Cha* Townshend - - 2,982 5 10 i 643 17 !> 11 it 3 - - - - 3,637 14 2$

R* H*Is Henry Dundas; 2d Treasurership - 3.>25 14 8 378 6 8 - 3 - - - - 3.504 3 8*

R« Dudley Ryder 513.993 6 «°i 41,468 17'9 13.185 14 5 £ 49.566 17 7 618,214 16 8 £

D 5*5.43* 12 42,607 12 11 I 13,208 2 10 } 49,566 17 7 630,815 5 8

given in Aid of the Supplies - , - -

Abate therefrom what remains to be received from the Exchequer Alfe, the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurers, as above -

Which thews more has been received than the Proportion of the Supplies, for Nine Months

J. Hetiflow.

W" Buie. IV. Bellingham.

Vol. 57. t M

/. J.

A. S. Ha IV- Rule.

H. Duncan.

IV. Bellingham.

4,107,384 5

00

81

2,321,873 >* 51

£ 1,785,51013 7

S. Gambler.

F. J. Hartwell.

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

4° Novembris.

Navy Office, I An ESTIMATE of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's NAVY, for the

*7th October 1801. J Three Lunar Months commencing the 1 ft January 1802.

For the Ordinary ——

£ 444,237

The TOTAL of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for the Three First Lunar Months of the Year 1802, amounts to hour Hundred Forty-four Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds.

A. S. Hamond. J. Heuflozv. IF. Bellingham. F^J. Hartwell.

H. Duncan. ff /£«/<?. 5. Gambler.

Transport Office, 3d November i8ot.

An ESTIMATE of the Money thit uill be necessary for Payment of the Hire ^f TR A XSPORTS, and for the Discharge of the Ex. < nee of PRISONERS of WAR, which will become payable between the ift January and 25th March 1802; being Three Lunar Months,

For the Service of Transpdrts ——

For the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad

C ' *

240.000 — —

120.000 — —

360,000 — —

Rup* George. Ambrose Serle. J7'" Ay Otway.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen,

3J Nov. 1801.

ESTIMATE of what Money may probably be wanted for the Service of S IC K PRISONERS of WA R, for Three Lunar

Months, in the Year 1802, commencing the ift of January; viz.

lft Month

£ ' *

2d

8,000 — —

3*

10,000 — —

SUM TOTAL is Twenty-eight Thousand Pounds.

Ja.

28,000 — —

J" Iiarncfs.

Appendix, (No. 4.)

4° Novembris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the OFFICE of O R D N A N C E, for the Month* of January, February, and Marclt, 1802.

For Gr E AT Br 1 TAIN -

For Service in Ireland

r

Office of Ordnance, 4:h Nov. 1801.

LANDSERVICE: £ * d.

132,000 — —

268,000 — —

400,000 — —

f Ordinary 20,000 — —

£ Extraordinary ----- -- 55.000 — —

75,000

TOTAL for the United Kincdom - - - /. 475,000

Howe. A. Ross. J. Sargent.

ESTIMATE of tKe Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land-Forcas, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Appends.?* (No. 5.)

90 NovemLris.

CORPS.

GREAT BRITAIN, JERSEY, GUERNSEY and ALDERNEY.

} The Earl of*Iarr*nSton's ' 2d - D* - - Lord Cathcart's - -

KH«fe Gird!} The Duke of Richmond*.

ill Reg1 of Dragoon Guards

2d

4th

5tn

7th

D°

D°

D5

D*

D>

| Sir W Augustus Pitt's

- Marquis T o.vnflicnd's - -

- Sir Wm Fawcett's -

- Gen1 Warde's - -

Gen1 Bland's - -

- Sir W" Medows's -

| Maj or Gen1 Garth's - -

L* G n1 David Dundas's *

- Lord Givy's - -

Sir R^b1 Slorer's -

The harl of Pembroke's -

7Drfgeoonf L]}Lo,dPaSe,'s - -

10th - D J - - The Pr'nce of Wales's

Marquis of Lothian's - -

Gen1 Craig's -

Major Gcr7 Eg^rton's The Duke of Cumberland'." Gen1 Harcourt's -

V Gen1 De Lancey's - -

Marquis of Drogheda's -

ift Reg1 of Drr.gcons 2d - D® -3J - D° -4th - D° -6th - Dn -

1 ith - D° -13th - D° -14th - D° -15th - D°-16th - P° -17th - D* -18th - D° -

the YorkHufTarsMajor Gen1 Wiiiord's - -First

Reg1 of Foot Guards Cold dream D° Third - . L*

} The Duke of Gloucester's

The Duke of York's - -

The Duke of Argyll's - -

4thRcg*offoot} Three Batt* J 9th - D° - - I Three Barts J 29th - D° - -43d - D° - -

45th - D° - -49th - D° - -

5 2d - D° - - 7 Two Batt* J 53th - D* - -70th - D" - -85th - is - - I 2 J Battn j 93d - D° - -

ARc^gTTURc) :Mci\ - -J R' val Gairifcn 7 'inti* - - i

The Earl of Chatham's

L' Gen1 Bertie's - -

Ll Gen1 Forbes's - -

Gen1 Smith's -

G n1 Adear.e's - - -Gen1 Maitland's - -

M. Gen1 Moore's - -

Gen Tottenham's - -

The Earl of Suffolk's -

M. Gen' Nugent's - -

M. Gen1 Wemyfs's

Col. Mannii gham's

U Gen1 LuinfJaine's -

RTarai^alS°n I V S0'- H»«nilron*, - -The Suit Corps L* Col. Rutherford's -Sixty-six independent Comp* of Invalids Garrisons - - ....

Total per An^um for Great Brinir, Gucrr.fcy, Jersey, and Alderney - \

Which, for 90 Day?, from the 25th 7 Deer igof to \t 2 «/.!. i<:t cii 1002, > both indulive, amount* to - -3

NUMBERS. Pay and Daily Alliance of Comini tiioaicd Off.Cc*| *5, Non»<'o*nmil!iv.ncd Officers, and Private Men. Charge of CleUriing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. AGENCY. 1 Annual All ,w^r,ce. to Captains and Riding Mailers TOTAL PER A

1 1;

£ /. d. £ /. d. s. d. £ /. ^1 £ /. d.

353 17 11

35° -j 11 3

1,270 _ I *| 4*933 9 2

1,138 ' - - 51,848 5 — 5*524 *7 4 63O $ 2 879 12 — 58,882 *9 6

950 - - 43,626 12 6 4.606 3 5: 528 16 4 733 — — 49 J9h 12 3

950 - - 43.626 12 6 },6c6 3 5; 52* 16 4 733 — — 49 474 12 3

95° - - 43,626 12 6 4,6.6 3 5: C2':\ 16 4 753 — — 49*4'.'+ 12 4

1,070 - - 49*^9 17 1 5*35 10 I ! S' 9 *7 8 7 3,3 — — ! 55*95* 5 8

950 - - 43,626 12 6' 4,606 3 5 >- 16 4 753 — ' '49-494 j 12 3

950 - - 43,626 12 ft 4,606 3 5 5*3 16 4 733 — — 1 19*49+ 12 3

950 - - 43.626 12 6 4.CO6 3 5 5*« 16 4 733 — — ' 49 \ n 12 3

951 - - 43*^ t 2 6; 4,612 10 2 ! 52 3 11 73 3 — — f *r7 5 > 7 16 71

9>o - - 43,626 I 2 6 i 4/06 3 S c:8 »6 4 7/3 — — 49 i'4 12 3

95- - - 43,026 12 0 4,606 3 5 I S* 16 4 753 — 49 4/4 12 3

1 >o~*o - - 49*5*9 17 l 5*13 5 10 11 1 Sc *7 8 733 — — 55»9JS 5 8

1,070 - - 49*5*9 17 1 5*35 10 11 569 17 8 733 — — 5 ?»9>8 5 8

1,070 - - 49*5*9 *7 I 5*i35 10 11 569 *7 8 733 — 55.958 5 8

970 - - 43,626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733 — — 49*4v4 12 3

9)0 - - 43,626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733 ' — 47*494 j 2 3

1,070 - - 49,519 17 1 5*13> 10 11 569 *7 8 733 — — 53*95^ 5 8

950 - - 43 626 12 6 4,006 3 5 528 16 4 733 —; [ 49-494 12 3

*,070 - - 49*5 *9 17 1 5*35 10 11 569 *7 8 753 — 55.95s 5 8

950 - - 43,626 12 6 4,006 3 5 528 10 4 753 — 149 49+ 12 3

481 - - 24*848 l7 11 *>375 6 9 357 3 6 420 8 1 |2i, C07 l6 2

20,390 "

5,242 - - - 158417 19 6

3,275 _ 1 199 418 *5 4

3*275 - - - i '/y-471 10 4

11,792 " "

3.381 - - 82,475 3 6 9»361 — — 819.1R 2 1 695 — — 94 35* 1 8

M -> 00 - - 70,293 6 — 7,678 2 9 748 8 4 '>695 — — So 414 17 i

718 - - *9*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 !5 — 22,277 *3 —

718 - - *9.399 7 5 2 177 18 1 226 .12 6 475 *5 j 2 2 % 2 t - M l3

718 - - *9*399 7 5 2D77 18 1 2 zb 12 6 473 *5 I 1 r3

916 - - 23,507 2 IO 2*559 7 7 250 2 u S°5 2 0 ii I *3 4

2,246 - - S4*°93 15 3 6,240 13 4 559 18 *! 1150 — 6-.co+ 7 6

916 - - 23>5°7 2 10 *559 7 7 25O 2 n! 565 — ] 1 2^.881 1 0 13 4

718 . *- *9 399 7 5 *>'77 18 1 2l6 J2 6 473 *5 13

1^123 -- *- 26,989 l7 — 3,1*0 6 S 269 9 4 565 — — 3^ 944 *3 "

690 1 *7*37* 3 8 i*97S 8 8 2C9 11 i 1 473 *5 20 036 19 -

912 - 22,623 10 9 2,523 12 l 224 1 4 452 — — 25.S23 + 2

9* 1 - -- 22,967 4 11 *553 3 ' 2 2‘45 4 8 ( 475 >5 26,219 7 9

16,715 " - 1 -

- - 628 *2.252 16 S 2,500 — — 319 3 5 160 ——

- . 446 11.224 2 8 1,123 9 0 111 12 1 80 — —

- - 7*75 154*424 >3 5 18,000 — 1,632 6 — 6,480 — .

3G2 28,734 l7 6 782 2 2 " ~ 55

- - 58,718 1.579,068 4 7 168,288 6 10 I7, So8 4 7 p'o'7 10 — - -

d.

106,978 18 4

1,066,113 13 J

357*310 5

4S2,678 9 *

25*32 — 1

12 539 4

9 5 29.r* «9

8

2,260971 9

5 57*49? ‘6 3

VOL. 57.

Appendix.

A. 1801*

Appendix,

(No. 50

90 NovenibriSt continued

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Goards, Garrisons, See. —

CORPS.

IRELAND.

6th Reg* of Dragoon Gdt - - ThcEarl of Carbampton's 848

9th Reg* of Dragoons - Sir Ja* S* Clair Enkine's 84S

aid Reg* of L* Dragoons - - J Colonel Beaumont's - - 848

23d - D® - - Colonel Fullarton's - - 848

*4th - D® - - Major Gen1 Loftus's 848

18rh - D# - - Major Gen1 Suveley'a - fc.48

ijthRcg'offoot, Two Batt* Gea* Powell's -

16th - D° - - M. Gen1 Bowyer's - . 91*

21st - Da - - L* Gen1 Hamilton's - - 911

1 0 Q n The Earl of Ross's - . 912

38th - D« - . L* Gen1 Rooke's - - - 912

46th - D* - -Two Batt* Jsir Ja* Henry Craig's - 1.824

56th - D* - L* Gen1 Norton's - - 1.123

6id D° - -Two Batt* Gen1 Matthews's - - 2,246

71st - D° - - Gen1 Gordon's - - - 912

7id - D° - - M. Gen1 Stuart's - 912

One Corps of Invalids - - - Garrisons, with Fire and Candle

Allowances to the Chaplains to the Gar- 1 rifon of Dublin, and to the Forces > Rationed at sundry other Places - -J

Total per Annum for Ireland -

Which, for 90 Days, from the a<;th Decrl 1801 to the 24th March 1802, incluhfe, i amounts to- - -- -- -j

This Sum of £. 160,038. 2/. 6d. Irish, 1 amoanu, in British Money, to - - - 3

For Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, brought forward v from the preceding Page - - -J

Total

NUMBERS.

5,088

1*911 661

18,660

P*y and Duly

All w.ince of Conun illioned Officers, Non* commissioned Officers, and Private Men*

Cha^je of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officer* and Private M-n.

53,718

77.378

ACENCY.

Annual

Allowances to Ciptaini

neM«fters.

Rid,

TOTAL CHARGE PER ANNUM.

i ( — >

lnlh. £

' - 43.164 9 3

- „ 43»»64 9 3

- % 43,164 9 3

- - - 43,164 9 3

43 i64 9 3

62,222 14 4

' - - 26,436

— *» 26,436 — —

' - - 26,436 — —

26.436 — —

' - - 52,872

- - 31.hi 7 *

- „ m 62,222 14 4

' - - 26,436 — —

26,436

16,476 — 3

% - 5,901

m Ok 00 SI

' ' £ 649,043 10 2

' - 160,038 2 6

' - . - - 147,727 10 —

. - - - 557.499 *6 3

- 705,2*7 6 3

War Office, *

9th Nov. 1801. 3

C. T.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hops, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both induiive; being go Days.

.Appendix*

(No. 5 )

90 NovetnbnS'*

conti % utJ-

Pay and Daily Allowance of Charge of Cloathing Annual Allowances

Comoniffioned ror to

CORPS. numbers. Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Non.commissioned Officers, and Private Men. AGENCY. Captains and Riding Masters.

£ /. d. £ s. d £ d £ ' d.

20th Reg* of Liqht Dragoons - Lord Heathfield's 35° 17,924 IO 10 1,728 4 5 298 3 7 367 17 —

8th - Ditto - - Sir Rob1 Laurie's - 7°4 - - 35.199 13 9 3-383 12 S 450 *9 1 634 9 —

12th - Ditto - - Sir Ja* Stemrt's - 850 - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 H 6 733

22d Ditto - - L* Gen1 Tarleton's 850 - - 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 *4 6 733

26th - Ditto - - Lc Gen1 Floyd's 850 3.254 39,976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 14 6 733

ill Reg* of Foot, Two Baun# - J The Duke of Kent's - 2.246 - - 53.969 I 1 6,240 13 4 538 16 7 1,150

2d - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Coates's - - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

3d - Ditto - - Gen' Hall's - - - - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 <5 "

6th - Ditto - - Prince William's - - 718 - '9.399 7 5 2,177 '8 1 226 12 6 473 *5 "

7th - Ditto - - Sir Alured Clarke's - 7.8 - - 19.581 17 5 2,177 18 1 228 2 11 473 *5 —

8th Ditto - - L1 Gen1 Ralph Dundas's 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 '8 1 226 12 6 473 15 —

nth - Ditto - - Gen! Grant's - - 1,123 - - 27,103 *8 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 n / 565

13th - Ditto - - Gen1 Ainflie's - - - 916 - - 23,507 2 10 2.559 7 7 250 2 11 565

14th - Ditto - LT Gcr.1 Hot ham's - 7*8 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 *8 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

18th . Ditto - - Sir Ja* Pultency's - - 718 - - *9.399 7 5 *,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

20th - Ditto, Two B*ttn$ - L« Gen1 Leigh's - - 2,246 - - 54.093 x5 3 6,240 13 4 539 18 11 1,130

lid - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Simcoe's - 1,147 - - 28,062 9 3.248 '5 7 287 3 2 603 5 —

23d - Ditto - - Gen1 Grenville's - - 1,123 - 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565

24th . Ditto - - Ll Gen1 Whyte's - - 916 - - 23.507 2 10 *.559 7 7 250 2 11 565

25th - Ditto - - Lord Geo. H* Lennox's 7«8 - - 19.399 7 5 2.177 18 1 226 12 6 ♦73 *5 — '

26th - Ditto - - L* Gcu1 Guidon's - 718 - '9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

27th - Dittf., Two B.iu* - Ix)rd Clarina's - - - 1.832 - - 46,900 4 5 S.i *8 15 2 499 5 8 1,130

28th - Ditto - Gen1 Prescott's - - - 916 - 23,507 2 10 2.559 7 7 250 2 11 565

30th - Ditto - - M. Gen1 Manners's - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2. *77 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

34th Ditto - - Lord Southampton's - 1,'47 - - 28,062 — 9 3.248 ij 7 287 3 2 603 5 —

3Jth Ditto, Two Bait1* - Gen1 Fletcher's - 2.246 - - 54.°93 lS 3 6,240 13 4 539 18 II ,130

37th - Ditto - - Sir Hew Dalrymple's - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 *8 1 22 6 12 6 473 ij —

39th - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Niibett Balfour's 7'« - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 ,8 1 226 12 6 473 >5 —

40th - Ditto, Two Batt« - Sir George Osborne's - 1,83a - 46,900 4 5 5,118 15 2 499 5 8 1,150

41st - Ditto - - Sir Tho* Stirling's - 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5. —

43d - Ditto - - Sir Hector Munro's - ','J' - 28,031 12 5 3,120 6 8 277 9 5 565

44th - Ditto - Gen1 Rainsford's - - 718 - - '9,399 7 5 *,'77 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 —

47th - Ditto - - Gen1 Dalrympk's - - 1,123 - - 27.103 18 3 .3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565 - -

48th - Ditto - - Gird Tonya's - - 718 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 —

50th - Ditto - - Sir Ja5 Duffc's - - 7*8 19.399 7 5 a,i77 *8 1 226 12 6 473 *S —

53d - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Crosbie's - - 718 - - 9*399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

54th Ditto. Two Batt01 - J M. Gen1 Baird's - - l»Sj2 - - 46,900 4 5 5.118 15 2 499 5 8 1,130 — —

57th - Ditto - - Gen1 Campbell's - - 718 - - 19,399 7 5 a.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 IS ~

58th - Ditto - - Gen* Scott's - - - 7.8 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 >5 —

59th - Ditto - - M. Gen1 Ross's - 7l8 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 —

60th - Ditto - -Six Batt" - The Duke of Yoik's - 6,807 - - 168,074 2 10 18,904 7 2 1,683 — 7 3,466 IO

64th - Ditto - - L: Gen1 Leland's - - 1.1*3 - - 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565

1 1 0 3 1 sO L* Gtn1 Stevens's - - 1,147 - . - 28,062 — 9 3.248 15 7 287 3 t 603 s —

Carried forward - - 3.604 - -

Vol. 57. 3 N

total charge

PER ANNU.M.

20.318 IS 1®

39,668 14 6

4S-334 S

45.334 5 2

45.334 5 2

175,671 IQ — '

61,878 11 —

22.277 ^3 —

22.277 13 —

22.277 13 —

22,461 13 5

22.277 13

31.059 14 6

26.881 13 4

22.277 13 —

22.277 13 ~ 62,004 7 6

32.201 4 6

31.059 14 6

26.881 13 4

22.277 13 —

22.277 13 _

53.648 5 3

26, S8i 13 4

22.277 13 —

32*201 4 6

6 2 ,oc 4-7 6

22.277 13 —

22.277 13 —

53.648 s 3

22.277 13 —

3'>994 8 6

22.277 13 __

3'.°S9 14 6

22.277 13 __

22.277 13 ___

22 277 13 __

53.648 5 g

22.277 13 — 22 277 ,3 __

22.277 13 —

192.128 — ?

3i.°S9 14 6 32.201 + 6

95.990 5 to

Appendix,

(No. 5.)

9* Novembi

CntiHkid.

The ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS, &c. —

CORPS.

Brought forward - -

66th Reg* of Foot, The EarlofClanricarde':

67th - Ditto - - Gen1 Brown's -

68th - Ditto, Two) c. TL lT.

BattD‘ -JSir rho Tr,££c s -

69th - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Cuylcr's -

79th - Ditto - Col1 Cameron's -

81 (I - Ditto - - L* Gen' Johnson's -

83d - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Jav Balfour's -

85 tK Ditt°i,5r-}M- Gen' Nug^t's- -

87th - Di'to - - Colonel Doyle's - -

89th - Ditto - - L* Gen1 Ogilvie's - -

90th - Ditto - - Colonel Graham's - -

91 it - Ditto - Colonel Campbell's

92d Ditto - Marquis of Huntley's -

the Queen's Rangers, L* Col1 Shank's - -The Goree Corps - Col1 Frafcr's - - -ill West India Reg*, M. Gen1 Whyte's - -id - Ditto - M. Gen1 Myers's - -

3d - Ditto - - M. Gen1 Keppd's - .

4th - Ditto - - M. Gen1 Nicolls's - -

5th - Ditto - Colonel Calvert's - -

6th - Ditto - M. Gen1 Whitelocke's -7th - Ditto - - M. Gen1 Campbell's -

8:h - Ditto - - Col1 Johnstone's - -

9th - Ditto M. Gen1 Icon's - -

loth Ditto - Coh nel Maitland's

nth - Ditto - Lr Col: llifiop's - -

12th - Ditto - - L* Co!1 O'Meara's - -

Newfoundland Reg1 of Fer.cible Infantry Ancient Irish ----- - Ditto - -

Surrey..... Ditto - -

GARRISONS, kc.:

Qiybcc, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswicit, Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Saint John's liland -

Jamaica, Grenada, S* Vincent's, Dominica, and Tobago.

Officers serving with II'S Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Portugal, Gibraltar, Minorca, Malta, Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope -

Officers of the Ilcfpiuls serving with the said Forces ——

GIBRALTAR:

Jth RfTw°oIu-!M- Gen' En£!and'5

63d Ditto - - Earl of B llcarres's -

Cambrian Rangers Fencible Infantry . Banff Reg' ----- -- Ditto -

2d Argyll - -- -- - Ditto -

Prince of Wales's Oivn - Ditto - -

C.Ticers of the Garrison of Gibraltar -Carried forward

1,83*

1,123

688

638

633

688

S'7°7

46,900 4

27,103 18

17.014 14

17.014 14 1

17.014 14

17.014 14

NUMBERS. Pav and Daily Allowance of Commish -tied O. JCC'5, Nnn-ct'llmtlfiancd Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloatlung for Nun-commissioned Officers and Private Men. AGENCY. Annual Allowances to Captains and Riding Master*. total charge PER ANNUM.

£ ' d. £- * J. £ s. d. £ * J- £ d. £ * '

- - 3.6o+ '95-99° 5 10

718 - 19.399 7 5 2,17718 1 226 12 6 473 '5 — 22,277 *3 — -

718 - 9,399 7 5 2,17718 I 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 !3 —

2,246 - S4'°93 >5 3 6,240 13 4 539 18 11 1,130 62,004. 7 6 .

718 - 19.399 7 5 2.177 «8 1 226 12 6 473 '5 — 22,277 *3 —

718 - *9,279 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 11 3 473 '5 — 22,156 8 10

1,147 - 28,062 — 9 3,248 15 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

718 - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 *3 —

1,123 - 27,10318 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565 3*059 *4 6

718 9'399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 '5 — 22,277 *3 —

7is - 19-399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 IS — 22,277 *3 —

718 19.279 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 M 3 473 '5 — 22.156 8 10

M47 - 28,062 — 9 3*248 15 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

1,123 - 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 5*5 3*059 14. 6

1,123 - 20,989 17 — 3,120 6 8 269 9 4 565 30,944 *3 —

433 - 10,120 15 4 1,128 7 9 8314 6 113 1*445 *7 7

229 - 6,067 14 11 600 — — 59 4 8 113 6,839 *9 7

555 - 14,725 I 10 1,576 17 6 '74 17 5 379 16,855 16 9

555 - 14725 10 1,576 17 6 174 17 5 379 16,855 16 V

555 14,725 I 10 1,576 17 6 '74 17 5 379 '6.855 16 9

555 - 14,725 1 *o 1,576 17 6 '74 17 5 379 16,835 16 9

555 - 14,725 1 10 1,576 17 6 '74 '7 5 379 '6,855 16 9

55S > 14,725 I 10 1.576 17 6 '74 17 5 379 — — 16,855 16 9

555 - 14,7*5 1 10 »»576,17 6 *74 '7 5 379 16,855 16 9

555 - 14,611 — 7 1.576 17 6 *73 17 2 379 16,740 *5 3

683 - 17,056 IO 7 1.933 »3 10 188 5 2 379 '9-557 9 7

683 - 17,056 IO 7 *>933 13 10 *83 S 2 379 '9-557 9 7

683 ! - 16,936 7 8 1.933 13 10 187 3 9 379 19.436 5 3

683 - 16,936 7 8 1,933 13 10 *87 3 9 379 — — 19,436 5 3

688 17,128 15 4 1,967 19 8 206 '9 3 593 '5 — 19,897 9 3

688 - 17,128 15 4 1,967 19 8 206 '9 3 593 >5 — 19,897 9 3

688 68,764. 17,014 14 1 1,967 19 8 205 18 11 593 '5 — 19.782 7 8 A A A A E| g f JB

2,000,211 5

78,057

5,118 15 2

3,120 6 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

499 S 8 270 9 7 205 18 11 205 18 11 205 18 11 205 18 11

1,130 — —

565 ——

593 >5 — 593 15 — 593 >5 — 593 15 —

S3-648 S 31,059 14

19.782 7

19.782 7 19,7s* 7

19.782 7

6,300 18 4 2,725 13 3

85,722 19 —

24,090 — —

163,837 10 5 3v37 3 —

2,483,61512 3

The ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS,

CORPS.

Brought forward - -

MINORCA!

17th Rrg« of Foot,

two Ban-- I GenGarth* ' *

31st - Ditto - Lord Mulgrave's - -

36th - Ditto - - Gen1 S' John's -

- Ditto - - M. Gen' Pigott's - -

NEW SOUTH WALES*

Colonel Grofc's Regiment ——

For tie Allowance to the Paymasters of the Regiment* of Fencible Infantry above-mentioned

Total -

To be paid by the IflanJ of Jamaica, being the Charge of Lord Heathfteld's Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the ill and 4th Battalions oi the 60th Regiment - -

Rimains

Which, (or 90 Days, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March iSo29 both inclusive, amounts to -

NUMBERS.

I, S32

1.123 1,1*3

1.123

78,075

5*201

710

83,986

Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

/. d.

46,900 4 5 27>,03 <8 3 *7,103 18 3 27,103 18 3

17,420 13 4

Charge of Cloathing for

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men*

2,210,509 0 5

5,118 15 2

3.120 6 8

3.120 6 8

3.120 6 8

1,978 1 3

AGENCY.

/. d.

499 5 8 270 £ 7 270 9 7 270 9 7

198 19 5

247,114 16 11

24,315 14 1

Annual

Allowances

to

Captains

and

Riding M afters.

Appendix,

(No. 5.)

90 Novembris,'

continued,

£ ' *

1,130 — —

565 ——

565 ——

565 ——

426 7 6

50,950 13 6

TOTAL CHARG-E PER ANNUM.

£ d.

£ *-2,488/15 12 3

53.648 5 3

31,059 14 6

3I»°S9 «4 § 3^59 >4 6

146,827 8 9

20,024 3 &

1,000 —

- £. 2,656,467 4 6

84,307 1* 10

*72,159 a

634,231 7

War Office,

9th November 1801.

1

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Gbneral and Staff Office*, and Office* of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to thft 24th March 1802,

both indufive; being 90 Days.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals

Charge per Annum.

£. 85,168 — 5

..... 'W

Which, for go Days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, incbifi?e,_ainouats tp r

/. 21,000 6 8.

9th

War Office, November i3oi.

C. Torke.

Vol. 57.

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, — = =*= '

(N°. 5.) PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Stare Officer*, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with

9* Novembris the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from 25th December 180! to 24th March 1802, both 9 inclusive; being 90 Days.

iontinutd.

In GREAT BRITAIN, GUERNSEY, JERSEY, and ALDERNEY:

Captain General, and Commander in Chief

Six Aides de Camp -

Secretary ....

Chaplain -

Surgeon -

each

Eleven Lieutenant Generals Twenty.two Aides de Camp

Twenty-one Major Generals Twenty-one Aides de Camp

each

each

Two Adjutant Generals ... Deputy Adjutant General Quarter-Mailer General -Two Deputy Quarter-Mailer Generals Barrack-Mailer General -

Ten Aides de Camp to the King -Two Inspectors of (.loathing Six Afliilant Adjutant Generals Seven Afliilant Quarter-Mailer Generals Thirty-two Majors of Brigade -

Chaplain General ..... Physician General ..... Surgeon General - - - .

Inspe&or of Regimental Hospitals Apothecary General -

Inspe&or of Health ... Principal Veterinary Surgeon Military Commandant of Hospitals Six Afliilant Inspectors of Hospitals One Physician ..... Eight Ditto ..... Ten Surgeons -

Four Apothecaries ..... Four Deputy Purveyors ... One Lieutenant General in North Britain Two Aides de Camp.

each

- each

- each

- each

- each

- each

- each

- each

Two Major Generals Two Aides de Camp

each

each

Deputy Adjutant General

Deputy Quarter-Master General ..... Three Majors of Brigade -

Deputy Judge Advocate and Clerk of the Courts Martial

Comtnifkry of Stores and Provisions -

Deputy Commissary of D* -

Bapgage-Malter and Inspector of the Roads

Afliilant Inspetfor of Hospitals -

Physician ——

Surgeon ....

each

Commander of the Forces in Guernsey as L* General Two Aides de Camp ....

each

One Brigadioiv General One Major of Brigade One Afliilant Inspector of Hospitals

Commander of the Forces in Jersey, as Lieutc General Two Aides de Camp -

each

One Major General One Aide de Camp

One Mnjor of Brigade

One Afliilant Inspector of Hospitals

One Brigadier General in Alderney One Major of Brigade

Sixteen Hospital Mates - -- - each

Thirty-one Ditto -

CHARGE per ANNUM.

£ '

172 17 6

,383 ——

172 17 6

691 10 —

172 17 6

345 >5 —

345 *5 —

189 9 — £

345 >5 —

259 6 3

259 6 3

172 17 6

345 >5 —

345 '5 —

172 17 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

691 10 —

172 17 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

136 17 6

91 5 —

Total

£ ' d.

3,457 10 —

*.®37 5 — 172 17 6

US S-172 17 6

IS.2'3 ——

3,803 5 —

14.521 10 —

3.630 7 6

1,383 —

345 >5

*.383 —

345 >5

1,383 ——

345 >5 —

1,383 ——

345 '5 —

691 10 — 172 17 6

2,190 ——

2,82s 15 —

d

4-955 JS

19,016 5 —

18,151 17 6

691 10 —

345 lS —

345 *5 —

691 10 —

691 10 —

1,894 IO 5

69I 10 —

M5S 17 6

1,815 3 9

5»532 — —

345 >5 —

172 17 6

1 17 6

17 2 17 6

172 *7 6

691 IO —

>72 17 6

345 »5 —

2,074 10 —

691 10 —

2,766 — —

1,728 15 —

691 10 —

691 10 x *

1,728 x5 —

1,728 *S

*72 17 6

172 17 6

S'* 12 6

172 17 6

172 *7 6

34S is —

86 8 9

691 10

545 *S —

172 l7 6

i,7»8 is

518 12 6

172 17 6

345 15

DO N In — 15 —

£64 7 6

172 17 6

345 J5 —

5i8 12 6

*72 17 6

80,149 5 5

5,018 >5 —

85,168 0 S

Which, for on Days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, inclusive, amount* to -

War Office, }

9th November 1801. 3 C, Torkl.

21 ,oco 6 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiment^ of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in EAST INDIA, from the 25 th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive, being 90 Days.

Appendix*

(No.

90 Novembn sy

continue d-

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons - Lord Viscount Howe's: Pay -

Cloathing -....

Agency....

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Riding Matter

25th Ditto - - Lieut. General Gwyn's - - the fame

27th Ditto - - Lord Dorchester's - the fame

29th Ditto - - Lieut. General Vyfe's - the fame

The 10th Regiment of Foot - - Lieut. General Fox's:

Pay....

Cloathing ——

Agency....

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Serjeants

12th Ditto - - General Piston's -19th Ditto - - Lieut. General Hulfe's -33d Ditto - - Marquis Cornwallis's -51st Ditto - - Major General Morfhead's 61st Ditto - - Major General Hewitt's 73d Ditto - - Lieut. General Harris's 74th Ditto - - General O'Hara's

75th Ditto - - Sir Robert Abercromby's 76th Ditto - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's 77th Ditto - - Lieut. General Marsh's 78th Ditto - - Colonel Mackenzie's -80th Ditto - - Lieut. General Lake's -84th Ditto - - Major General Bernard's 86th Ditto - - Lieur. General Grinfield's 88th Ditto - General Reid's Scotch Brigade, Major General Francis Dundas's

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Total -

NUMBERS.

711

711

7"

711

*>37 5

1 *37 5 L375 I>375 M7S *>375 *>37S 375 1 >375 ,*37S *>375 L375 *>375 *>375 *>375 *>375 *375

2,844

*3*375

26,219

CHARGE PER ANNUM.

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, inclusive, amounts to ——

War Office,

9th November 1801

£ t. d.

28,093 7 "

3-437 7

454 s

782 4 —

32,766 15 11

32,766 15 11 '

32,766 IS II

3*766 IS II

19,640 l8 11

3*944 10 4

312 7 7

74* 10 —

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4*639 6 10

24,639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

24.639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24,639 6 10

24.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

*4.639 6 10

- - - £

£ ' '

131,067 3 8.

418,868 l6 2

549*935 *9 *°

135,600 13 1-

C. Yorke.

Memorandum The Expence of His Majesty's Forces fervingin the East Indies is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on Account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Recruiting Companies of the said Regiments employed in Great Britain. — This Charge, amounting to £.9,370. 14. 3. is Rated in a separate Estimate.

VOL. 57.

8 O

Appendix,

v ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies

(INO. 5.) Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in E A ST INDIA, from the

9° Novembris, H1*1 ^arc^ l*°*» both inclusive; being 90 Days.

contimutd.

of Foot, Rationed in Great 25th of December 1801 to the

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons -Lord Viscount Howe's - - One Troop:

Pay....

Cloathing ——

Agency....

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding Mailer

a5th Ditto - - Lieut. General Gwyn*s -27th Ditto - - Lord Dorchester's -29th Ditto - - Lieut. General Vyfe's -

- the same *

- the same -

- the same -

The 10th Regiment of Foot - - Lieutenant General Fox's - - One Company:

Paf....

Cloathing ——

Agency -

Allowance to the Captain ——

12th Ditto - - General Pifton's - - - - the fame

19th Ditto - - Lieut. General Hulfe's - - - - the fame

33d Ditto - - Marquis Cornwallis's - - - the fame

51st Ditto - - Major General Morlhead's - - the fame

61 ft Ditto - - Major General Hewitt's - - the fame

73d Ditto - - Lieut. General Harris's - - - the fame

74th Ditto - - General O'Hara's - - - - the fame

75th Ditto - - Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the fame

76th Ditto - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's - - - - the fame

77th Ditto - - Lieut. General Marfti's - - - the fame

78th Ditto - - Colonel Mackenzie's m - - the fame

80th Ditto - - Lieut. General Lake's - - - the fame

84th Ditto * - Major General Bernard's - - - the fame

86th Ditto - - Lieut. General Grinfield's - - - the fame

88th Ditto - - General Reid's - - - the fame

Scotch Brigade, Major General Francis Dundas's - - the fame

Total -

NUMBERS.

®3

*3

*3

23

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

92

748

840

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1861 to the 24th of March 1802, ' both inclusive, amounts to* - - - - . - . 1

War Office,

9th November 1801

CHARCE PER ANNUM.

£ X. d.

1,829 11 3

>44 4 2

35 *4 10

55 16 —

2,065 6 3

2/565 6 3

2,065 6 3

2,065 6 3

M43 5 S

*47 >3 10

20 6 7

38 5 —

1,749 IO 10

>*749 10 10

>749 10 10

1,749 10 10

>,749 10 10

1,749 10 10

>,749 10 10

1.749 10 10

>.749 10 10

i,749 10 10

>,749 10 10

>,749 10 10

1.749 10 10

>,749 10 10

>,749 10 10

1,749 10 10

*,749 10 10

- - £

- £

£ u

8,l6l 5 —

*9,742 4 2

38,003 9 a

9,370 14 3

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for His Majesty's LAND FORCES; of the Allowance for Watch Coata for the Infantry in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry in Great Britain, as well in Barracks as in Quarters, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

In GREAT BRITAIN, &c.:

Contingencies, upon Account ——

Allowance for Watch Coats; upon Account ——

Extra Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks; upon Account -

Ditto - - for the Cavalry in Quarters; upon Account -

Total in Great Britain, Stc.

In IRELAND: irifr.

Charge for 90 Days.

7 s. d~

12.500 — 4,000 — —

48.500 —

30.000 —

95.000 —

Contingencies 5 upon Account

£.*4,294. 13. 6.

Which Sum of £.4,294. 13. 6. Irish, amounts, in British Monty, to

Total -

3*964 6 4

98,964 6 4

War Office, a 9th November 1801, J

C. Yorke.

Appendix.

693

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the EMBODIED MILITIA and Corps of FENCIBLE INFANTRY, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inciufive; being 90 Days.

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Bedford Militia Berks -

Royal Bockinghammire -

Cambridge.

C better ..

Royal Cornwall

Cumberland -

Derby -

Devon -

Dorset -

Durham -

Essex -

Gloucester ... Hereford.

Hertford -

Huntingdon ... Kent - -

Lancaster.

Leicester -Lincoln -London -Middlesex -

Monmouth and Brecon Norfolk ..... Northampton -

Northumberland Nottingham -

Oxford -Rutland -

Salop - -

Stafford

Somerset -

Southampton -

Suffolk -Surrey

Suttex -Tower Hamlets Warwick -

Westmorland -

Wilts -Woicetter -

York, West Riding -

- - North Riding

- - East Riding -

Anglrfea -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen -

Carnarvon -

Denbigh -

Flint.

Glamorgan -

Merioneth -

Montgomery -

Pembroke -

Radnor -

For Supernumeraries to the above Establishment, in- 1 eluding the Men lately re-embodied, and the Officers > appointed on the Occasion - - - J

Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon -

NORTH BRITAIN:

(or Argyllshire) (or Robshire) -

ift ad

3d (or Lanark)

4th (or Dumfriesshire) 5th (or Fifeshire) -6th (or Aberdeenshire) 7th (or Ayrshire) -1th (or Forfar)

9U1 (or Perthshire) -loth (or Edinburgh)

FENCIBLE INFANTRY: Royal Lancashire Regiment -Regiment of the 1 lies -

Loyal iritti ——

Loyal Tarbert -

1 ft Royal Manx Corps -

Scilloman ....

For Allowance to Pay mailers Total per Annum for Great Britain

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inciufive, amounts to ——

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, NUMBERS. Charge per Annum. ^7

£ ' d.

291 - 7,883 — 8

I 5'° - >3*489 7 3

I 657 - 17,122 II —

1 43' - 10,965 4 2

I 787 - I9*5X7 H 2

I 580 - 14,807 18 6

I SS4 - H*3*9 *4 9

I 8 3' - 20,348 1 8

3 i,35° - 33,976 18 9

1 37* - 9,85a 7 11

f 439 - 11,111 4 2

2 1,119 - 28,840 4 6

2 '*054 - 27,62 6 12 —

1 473 — 12,693 4 2

1 430 - 10,946 19 2

1 '44 - 373* 1 4

2 >,159 - - 29,365 2 1

3 a,181 - 55*44 *8 9

1 577 - *4*753 3 6

2 1,214 - 30,938 12 —

2 '*434 - 36,398 5 10

3 2,678 - 64,817 8 9

1 433 - 11 ,co 1 14 2

2 '*93 - 28,365 14 6

1 644 - - 16,066 19 9

1 581 - 14,844 8 6

1 S'* - *3*525 *7 3

1 S4f - 14*55 9 9

1 76 - 2,070 11 7

1 878 - 1*466 *5 9

1 99! - 23,467 12 11

2 i,3»7 . u 34.754 6 5

3 773 - 20,52410 2

2 940 - 24,167 10 6

2 1,196 - 30,400 4 6

X 719 - 18,235 12 11

2 1,3*6 - - 32,854 17 —

1 611 - 15.451 1 —

1 218 - - 5*67' 5 1

1 813 - 20,005 *7 >>

1 SSS . >4*337 >9 9

3 *»>73 - 54,998 18 9

1 808 - 19,914 12 H

1 512 - >3*5*5 '7 3

1 180 - - 4,903 — 1

1 219 - 5,689 10 1

1 368 - 9*779 7 >>

1 119 - 3,*43 '7 7

t 308 - 7,772 18 8

1 185 - 5,007 18 10

1 366 - - 9,688 2 11

1 >*4 - 3*'5* »* 7

1 252 - 6,703 2 5

1 185 - 4*974 3 7

1 128 39*484 3,4*6 7 7

1 - - 633 -

X 62 6 15,697 8 6

1 437 - 12,130 3 6

1 5«4 - - 14,880 18 6

1 733 - 17,832 13 6

1 640 - - 15.952 18 6

1 658 - 16,28: 8 6

l 573 - - 14,680 3 6

1 522 - 13,749 8 6

1 556 - - 14,369 18 6

1 697 17,102 13 6

1 I, IIO 6,026 30,140 15 2

1 68 8 - - *9'87 9 3

1 688 - - 19.782 7 8

1 688 - 19.782 7 8

1 675 - 18,173 *9 4

1 110 -- 2,815 18 9

3*959

50,102 1

TOTAL.

Appendix,

(No. 5.)

90 Novembri,

continued*

/. a.

1,002,799 15 8

240,000 -r — 16.711 — 3

152,67715 —

110,59117 10 15,000 —

1,537*7®' 8 9

379,178 19 8

Vo I. 57.

Appendix, (No. 5.)

9* Novembris,

cmrttMMuk

The ESTIMATE of the Charge of the EMBODI ED MILITIA# Arc continued.

Ia IRELAND.

Antrim Regimeit of Militia Armagh

Carlow

Cavan - - .

Clare -Cork, North.

Cork, South -Cork, City ... Donegal «... Downdiire, North

Downshire, South.

Dublin County -Dublin City ... Fermanagh ... Galway -

Kerry ..... Kildare ..... Kilkenny -King's County -Leitrim ..... Limerick County Limerick City Londonderry -Longford -

Louth - - - .

Mayo, North -

Mayo, South ... Meath ..... Monaghan ... Queen's County Roscommon ... Sligo ..... Tipperary ... Tyrone -

Waterford -

Westmeath ... Wexford -

Wicklow.

FENCIBLE INFANTRY!

One Regiment of Fencible Infantry - .

Two Regiments more, at the same Establishment -One Regiment of Fencible Infantry -Five Regiments more at the same Establishment One Regiment of Fencible Infantry - -

Three Regiments more, at the same Establishment One Regiment of Fencible Infantry ..

Seventeen Regiments more, at the same Establishment -

1*otal per Annum for Ireland

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, inclusive, amounts to

This Sum of 375,055. *& 4* Irish, amounts, in British Money, to ....

Total for Great Britain, brought forward

Total

NUMBERS. Charge per Annum.

899 IRISH. £. s. d 25,070 I I

899 - 25,070 I I

676 - 18,921 I I

676 18,921 I I

6 76 - - 18,921 I 1

899 - 25,070 I I

899 - 25,070 I I

899 - 25,1.70 I 1

1,121 " 30,907 15 —

676 - 18,921 1 I

6 76 - 18,921 1 I

676 - 18,921 I 1

899 - 25,070 I 1

676 - > 18,721 I 1

1,121 - 30907 15 —

899 - 25,070 1 1

676 - 18,921 1 1

899 25,070 1 1

899 - 25,070 I 1

676 - 18,921 1 1

899 - 25,070 1 1

676 - - 18,921 1 1

1,121 676 - 30,907 15 —

- 18,921 1 K

1,010 - 27,988 l8

787 - 21,839 18 —

787 - .21,839 l8 —

899 - 25,070 1 I

899 25,070 1 I

676 - 18,921 1 1

899 - 25,070 I 1

676 > 18,921 1 1

1,121 30,907 15 —

1,121 - 30,907 15 "

899 - 25,070 I 1

676 - 18,921 I 1

1,121 - - ‘ 30,907 I5 —

676 " 18,921 I I

32,036 891,911 15 5

1,121 30,820 8 9

2,242 - 61,640 17 6

848 - - 23.398 5 5

4,240 - 116,991 7 1

688 - 19,859 4 8

2,064 - 59.577 *4 —

588 - 17,603 6 9

9,996 299,256 14 9

53*821 1,521,059 14 4

50,102

- - I03,925 - - - £

TOTAL.

375*055 16 4

346,205 7 5

379*178 19 8

725>384 7 1

War Office, 7 9th November 1801. j

C. Yorke,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Conti h 01 ncies for the Embodi ed Militia, and Corps of Fb ncibli Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain; Irish. £. s. d.

upon Account ----- ----- For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Ireland; upon Account £.9,500 12,500 — —

Which Sum of £.9,50©, Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - 8,769 4 8

Total - - /. 21,269 4 8

War Office 9th November 1801

[801.1

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pat to Supernumerary Oeficers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December

1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Horse Grenadier ( Guards;

1 Major -

a Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains

6 Sub-Lieutenants - -

I Adjutant -a Chaplains -1 Surgeon -1 Riding Matter -

- ^.355. 17. 6.

(Difference of Pay)

- each £. 337. 12. 6.

- £. 228. 2. 6.

- >3-4-

Life Guardi: Twelve Trumpeters

Foot: - - x Major and Captain

3 Captains - *

6 Lieutenants 5 Ensigns -l Adjutant -I Quarter Matter

£.45. 12. 6.

Appendix-

90 Novembn

continued*

CHARGE per Annum.

Agency

41st Reg* of Foot, ( © Invalids:

each /. 171. 7.1.

- / 79- 19- 4-

- £. 62. 16. 7*.

Allowances to 3 Captains

Agency

Companies

of

Invalids:

‘5 Captains -t Captain -7 Lieutenants 2 Ditto 1 Ditto Ensigns -4 Ditto

each £.80. o. o. - each £.171. 7. 1.

£ 79- '9-£.85. 3.4.

Agency

£.62. 16. 7j. £66. 18. 4.

each £ 80. o. o.

£ /. d.

456 5 —

7*1 *5 ~

82 3 6

6?S 5 —

1,368 15 "7

173 7

243 6 8

146 —

45 12 6

3,902 10 " 2

547 10 —

4450 — 2

80 — —

5*4 3

479 16 —

314 3 — I

68 10 10

79 l9 4

1,456 10 it

36 8 3

240

85615 5

!7J '7, 1

559 *5 t

170 6 8

103 8 4

*5* 6 5

267 *3 4

N Cj 00 2 7

59 10 6

400 mmm —

w Allowances to 5 Captains -Unattached Officers continued on Full Pay, including the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments; upon Account.

Total £

Which, for 90 Days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive, amounts to £

War Office,

9th November 1801.

£ x. d.

4,530 — 2 *59 6 3

1,732 18 9

2,840 I3 I

16,000 -- —

25,362 18 3

6,25317 4

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under mentioned, in that Pan of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be ftod by the Paymaster Gbnsral, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days. *

For die Allowance to the Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, Sec.

Fees at the Exchequer ——

For the Allowance to the Commissary General of the Mutters, his Deputy, and Clerks, 1 and for Reduced Deputy Commifiai4es ----- - 3

D* - - - to the Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, Sec.

D* - - to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army ——

Total - - £

Which for 90 Days, from the 2 Jth December 1801 to the 24th March 1 y 1802, inclusive, amouats to * - - - J j*'

Charge per Anmrtu

£ S. d.

17,129 7 8

77.737 *7 7

4»*59 13 6

4,209 5 9

7,302 —

*10,538 4 6

*7>*56 — —

War Office, 1 9th November iSow J

C. York*.

Vol. 57.

6 P

696

Appendix

A. 1801;

Appendix,

(.\°. 5.)

9 Aovt'mbris,

t^tinned.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom walled Great Britain, for Small Beer, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Dayi.

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, for Small Beer - -- - 35,000

Total- - - - £. 105,000 — —

War Office, 7 9th November 1801. i

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marinis, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge per Annum.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces ——

For the Allowance to One Private Gentleman of a Troop of Horse Guards -- - Ditto - - to One - - Ditto - - at Seven Pence per Diem

Total - -

Cl° -

10 12 XI

c

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, inclusive, amounts to - - - ... . . £ %

War Office, 1 gth November 1801. 3

138»979 7 *

20 12 II

139,000 — —

3W3 '9 S

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Halp Pat and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces -Allowances to Officers of Ditto ——

Total

amounts to

War Office, 7 9th November 1801. J.

Charge per Annum.

- £ ' </ 52,500 — —

7>Soo

£ 60,000 —

ive,

£ 14,794 >° 4

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the Scotch Brigade, late In the Service of the States General, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade

L

Which, for 90 Days, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, inclusive, amounts to-.- . - . - . _ . _

Charge per Annum.

C. d.

1,000 -- —

246 11 6

War Office,

9th Novtoiber 1801.

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pessioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25 th December 1801 to 24th March 1802,

both inclusive; being 90 Days.

16,673 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, deducing for Pensions unclaimed £.2,000. -400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each - - - - .

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each -

17,104

Additional Pensions to Blind and Disabled Men

Charge per Annnm.

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners

To the Agent's Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

From which deduct, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

- £ — —

500 — —

- 1,000 ——

2,800 — —

1,200 — —

Deduct,

Already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the 1 Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1802 - - - 3

Tot al — — — £.

Which for 90 Days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802,7 -

both inclusive, amounts to - -3

War Office, 1 9th November 1801. J

C. 7orke.

£ ' d,

124,784 5 5

7,300 — — 424 6 3

132,508 11 8

i,oco — —

133,508 li 8

i,6o# — —

135,108 11 8

>6.03313 9

119 074 1 ~ 11

29,360 18 7

Appendix, (No. 5.)

90 Novembr

continued'.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the I#i-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from

25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers

Cloathing for Ditto -

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers

Board Wages and Table for Ditto -

Surgeon and Apothecary -

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary

Tr^defmen ——

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

Charge per Annum.

£ ' d.

1,271 6 4

911 7 5

669 — —

2,019 II 9

!,9C0 — —

3,300 — — 14,000 — — 4400 — —

32,367 14 6

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions, for the Year 1802 -

Total - - £

Which for 90 Days, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802,7 £ both inclusive, amounts to - -

2,800 — — 29.1:67 14 6

7.29° >3 5

91k

W*r Office. November 1801.

C. Yor

Vol. 57.

Appendix, (No. 5-)

90 So'Vembris, continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both indufive; being 90 Days.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husband*. . Rates of Pensions.

48 Widows of Colonels - - - - £. So -

36 - - Lieutenant Colonels - 50-

26 - - - Majors - -- - 40-

208 - -. Captains and Paymaders - -- -- 30-

226 - - - Lieutenants - - 26 -

214* - - - 2d Lieutenants, &c. - 20 -

1 - - - Governor, a General Officer - -- - 80-

7 - - - Physicians and Purveyors - - - - 30 -

26 - - - Surgeons and Apothecaries - -- -- 26-

29 - - - Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates - - - 16 -

1 - - - Affidant Commissary of Stores ----- - 26 -

2 - - - Ditto - - - 20 -

824

The Amount of 12 d. in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above dated ——

Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum ——

£.1,228 12 —

ICO — —

From which deduct the following Sums already provided; viz. On the Edimate of Guards and Garrisons -

On - D° - for the Marine Corps -

- £->766 —

1,671 2 6

Remains to be provided

Which, for 90 Days, from 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, inclusive, amounts to

- c

Charge per Annum.

£ ' J-

3,840 ——

1,800 — - —

1,040 ——

6,2dO — —

5,876 ——

4,280 — — -

80 ——

210 — ---

676 -- —

464 ——

26 ——

40 ——

24,572 ——

1,328 12 —

25,900 12 —

4.437 2 6

21,463 9 6

5>29* 7 3

In the 214 Widows above mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, and Quarter Matters, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of a Second Lieutenant's Widow,

War Office, 7 9th November 1801. 3

C. Yorke,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalrt and Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 50 Days.

In G R EA T BRITAIN:

For the Pay and Cloathing of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry For the Pay and Cloathing of Volunteer Corps of Infantry For Contingencies for the above Corps of Cavalry and Infantry

In IRELAND:

Pay and Allowances to Volunteer Corps of Cavalry -

- - Ditto - - to Volunteer Corps of Infantry - -

Pay for Majors of Brigade attached to the above Corps of Cavalry and Infantry Contingencies for the said Corps -

Irish.

£.53,424 — — 56,609 — — 2,264 — — 5,100 — —

0 £-il7>397 -

Which Sum of £.117,397 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to . - - £.

Total - - - £.

War Office,

9th November 1S01.

C. Yorke.

20.000 — — 150,000 — —

10.000 — —

180,000 — —

io8;366 9 3 288,366 9 3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 14th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Coals and Candles -Bedding and Furniture -Barrack Mailers Expenditures, Salaries, Sec.

Lodging Money ——

Barrack Office Effiiblishment -

Rents - -

Allowance to Governors, Sec.

Buildings, Repairs, and Alterations, Hospitals, Sec.

Fees to be paid at the War Office -

War Office, 1 9th November I Sou J

Total

Charge for 90 Days.

£ /. d. 20,000 — —

18,000 — —

20,000 — —

- 5,000 — —

4,000 — —

7,000

- 1,000 — —

69.643 —

i, Si7 —

£ 146,160 — —

Appendix-,

(No. 5.)

90 Nvuembris

continued _

C. Yo

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1801 to thd

24th of March 1802, both inchiiive; being 90 Days.

Charge

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -Pav

of One Regiment of Dragoons (Hompefo) ——

of Three Regiments of Infantry (La Chatre, Carries, and Mortemart) -

of Two Regiments of Infantry (Roll and Dillon) ——

of One Regiment of Infantry (Meuron) ——

of Two Battalions of Infantry (Watteville, and Chasseurs Brittaniques) -

of Five Battalions of Dutch Infantry ——

of Two Battalions of Dutch Light Infantry ——

of One Battalion of Dutch Artillery ——

of Levy Money for Sixteen Regiments, at £. 250 each ——

of Staff attached to the Dutch Troops ——

of Foreign Depot, including Two Corps of Invalids and Inspector General's Department -of Hospital Staff, Hospital Expences, Sec. in the I fle of Wight -of Aged and Wounded Officers, and for Officers Widows, &c.

of completing the Regiment of Lowenilein

of completing the Dutch Cloathing - . - - - - *

of Contingencies ——

of Full Pay to Unattached Officers, and Allowances to Reduced Officers in lien of Half-

Dedufl: The Charge of Meuron's Regiment, which is to be defrayed by the East: India 1 Company.....J

Remains to be provided - -

Numbers.

13,7*6

Charge for 90 Days.

£* * d*

479 6,897 5 7

*,77* 18,082 12 5

M*4 9.302 3 uf

1,123 6,929 14 6 i

1,832 11,252 10 3

4.633 29,716 16 7

912 6.374 16 9{

55* 3.832 S 9i

4,000 — —

1,610 8 6 f

- " 6,620 16 2 {

- 750

4,650 — —

3.000 —

3.727 9 7

5.000 — — 5,152 13 io

124,899 14 — i 6,929 14 6 i

117,969 19 6

9th

War Office, November 1801.

C. Yorke.

VOL. 57.

SQ

Appendix, (No. 6.)

2° Novembris.

A LIST of Public Accountant* in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspencied, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament.

Balances due from Public Accountants.

LordDunmore -

J Late Governor of Vir- \ C ginia.....\

1*133 —

Col1 Tho* Brady

Lieu1 Gen1 P E. Irving -

/"Major Commandant at"\ l St. John's, Newfound- /

y land, from iothSeptr>

J 1786 to 30th Septr I

I '7*7.....J

t

As Representative of his^ Father, as Quarter I Mailer Gen1, Quebec, from 1760 to 1768 -J

700

326 18 —

jA&ingTrudees and ExeO The Honble Ann Murray, 1 cu^ors, named in the I Widw, Sir Ja" Pulteney, )

Bari, and Humphrey Do-

naldson, Elqr -

Will of the late HonbIc I Q Gen1 Jas Murray, de-,) ceased, late Governor of Minorca -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,' 12th November 1801. 1

'By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the 21 ft February 1801, Lord Dunmore, on a Statement of the Difficulty his Lordship would experience in paying the whole Balance at once, was permitted to pay it at the undermentioned Periods, in Manner following, with Interest for the fame:

£.300 — — on or before ift January iScz.

300 — — ----- ----- -D° - - - - D® - 1803.

300 — — ----- ----- -D* ----- ----- --D* - 1804.

233 — D* - - - - D» -

1805.

By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the 3d March 1801, Colonel Brady, on a Special Statement of his Circumstances, was permitted to pay his Balance in Sevea Years.

'By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the 3d March 1801, Lieu1 General Irving, on a Special Statement of his Circumstances, and on Account of his large Family, was permitted to liquidate this Balance by Annual ln-ftalments of £.50,

"By Minute of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury of the 31st March 1801, the Payment was suspended for One Year and Seven Months, until Capt. Murray, the Heir at Law, should arrive at the Age of 21 Years, when he will be enabled to transfer Property to satisfy the Debt of the Crow n.

N. Van fit tart.

Appendix, (No. 7.)

30 Novembris.

An ACCOUNT of sundry Exchequer Bills outstanding and undischarged.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of £.3,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1800," and which are now outstanding and undischarged -

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for raising the further Sum of £. 3,000,000 by Loans or * Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1800," and which are now outstanding and undischarged

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Adk for raising the Sum of £.6,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " Great Britain, for the Year 1801," and which are now outstanding and undischarged -

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £.2,000,000, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and which are now outstanding and undischarged ——

c

Exchequer Bill Office, 1 the 13th of November 1801. 3

lVm J1 Cooke9

AccL

John Peter.

£. r. d.

1,928,000 — —

i>557>7°3 ——

3,014,300 ——

6,500,000 — —

2,000,000 — —

8,500,000 — —

Appendix, (No. 8.)

70 Novembris.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for defraying the Expences of Confining, Maintaining, and Employing Convicts at Home, for the Months of January, February, and March 1802.

Eight Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 17th November 1801. J

N. Vanjittart.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, ani American Loyalists, for the Months of January, February, and March, 1802.

Sixty-nine Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, \

17th November 1801. 3 N* Vanjittart*

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that maybe wanted for Hrs Maj esty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the

Months of January, February, and March, 1802.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 17th November i8oj#

Thirty-five Thousand Pounds.

N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List, and which have not been replaced by Parliament; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced; and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

Appendix,

(No. 9.)

19® Novetnb

George Dance, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves, Esqrs. Commissioners appointed by an Ati of the 41 Geo. III. Cap. 13. for the Purchase of Buildings for the Accommodation of Parliament ——

Henry Nettleship, Esq. for the Expence of publishing, Weekly, the Average Price of Sugar and Rice, in The Gazette - #....

Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Abstracts to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain ——

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts ——

To the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, to enable them to defray the Expences of extending their Establishments, and guarding the River below London Bridge -

John Rickman, Esq. to enable him to defray the Expences already incurred in carrying into Effect an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for taking an Account of the Popula- tion of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof" -

Matthew Martin, Esq. towards carrying into Effed a Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis ——

George Rose, Esq. for Expences at the Parliament Office, in the Session 1800-1801

Lord Walfirgnam, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers

Will iam Chinnery, E‘q. to be p id to Mr. Thornton, as a Compensation for his Trouble in attending the Cotr.miilloners for enquiring into the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison -

William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill of Exchange draw n for the Repairs of the Harbour of Port Patrick - -

James Wyatt, Esq. to pay Artificers employed at the Hpufes of Parliament -

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay the Passage of the Rev, Mr. Rudd and Family to Quebec

£ s. d.

300 ——

466 10 —

100 — —

2,707 18 —

1,500 ——

135 H "

500 ——

354 11 9

2,701 9 —

99 11 6

47ii4 —

5,000 ——

130 11 —

14,467 *9 i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

the 19th Day of November 1801.5

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons; and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Appendix^ (No. 10.J.

20° Novembr/s.

Henry Thornton, Esq. for the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of St. Matthew, BethnaU Green, Mile End New Town, and Christ Church Spital Fields ——

Charles Bragge, Esq. for his Services as Chairman of Committees of the House of Commons -

Representatives of John Bacon. Esq. being the Second Payment for erecting a Monument in St. Paul's Cathedral, to the Memory of Captains Harvey and Hutt ——

llenry Gunnell, Esq. to be by him paid over as Compensations to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees of the said House, in the Session 1799 and 1800 ——

John Topham, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the Measures recommended by the House of Commons, respecting the Public Records of the Kingdom, to be paid to sundry Persons employed by the said Commissioners ——

£. s. <t. 8,53a —

i,3°i 9 — 1,112 15 —

357 8 — *,559 *8 —

Jeremiah Dyson, Esq. to make good the Deficiency of his Allowance, as Clerk Assistant in the House of Commons ——

John Clemrntfon, Esq. to make up his Allowance equal to the Sum of £.500, for his Services as Deputy Serjeant at Arms, attending the House of Commons in the last Session of Parliament

George Whktam, Esq. for nuking an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons -

Samuel Dunn, Esq for making an Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

314 ——

332 4 — 240 — —

300 — —

14,049 14 —

Exchequer, the 20th Day of November 1801.

James Fisher.

Vol. 57.

- by

Appendix

A. 1801.

'02

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

24° Sevembris. \___ ——

TRANSLATION of Treaty of Alliance between Hu MAjrsTY and the Ottoman Porte; signed at Con-stantinople, January 5th 1799.

In the Name of Almighty God !

THE constant and uninterrupted good Understanding which has ever subsisted between the August Court of London and the Sublime Ottoman Porte, as well as the Circumstances and Situation of the War in which the Two Sovereigns of the British and Ottoman Empires are engaged, in consequence of the perfidious and numerous Aggrefiions of the French, have inspired those Sovereigns with a mutual Desire to draw dill closer their ancient Bond of Friendship: And a Definitive Alliance having already been concluded between the Sublime Portp and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rullias, the Friend and Ally of His Britannic Majesty, by which Alliance, founded on the Balls of 1 mutual Guarantee of their Empires, of the Re-establishment and Consolidation of general Tranquillity, and of the Preservation of the other Powers, it is agreed that His Britannic Majesty shall be invited to accede to it: Their said Majesties, namely, His Majesty George III. King of Great Britain, Arc. &c. Ac. and his Imperial Majesty Sultan Selim III. the Moll Mighty Ottoman Emperor, equally desirous of contributing to the Safety and to the Interelh of their respective Subjects, and to the Re-establishment of the general Tranquility of Europe, have, for these Purposes, named for their Plenipotentiaries; viz. the King of Great Britain, on His Part, Sir William Sidney Smith, Knight, Commander, Grand Cross of the Royal Military Order of the Sword, and Commodore of His Squadron actually in the Seas of the Levant, and John Spencer Smith, Esquire, His Minister Plenipotentiary actually residing at the Sublime Ottoman Porte; and his Imperial Majesty, on his Part, the Most Excellent and Moll Honourable EfTeid Ibrahim Ifmet Bev, distinguished by the Tit'e of Cazi AJker of Romilio, and formerly Cadi of Confiantinople, and Ahmed Aatif Reis Effendi, who, alter having reciprocally communicated their full Powers in good and due Form, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I. — His Biitannic Majesty, connected already with his Majesty the Emperor of Russia by the Ties of the strictest Alliance, accedes, by the present Treaty, to the Defenlive Alliance which has just been conclu led between his Majesty the 0‘toman Emperor and the Emperor of Russia, as far as the Stipulations thereof are applicable to the local Circumstances of his Empire, and of that of the Sublime Porte: And his Majesty the Ottoman Emperor enters reciprocally by U E Treaty into the same Engagements towards His Britannic Majesty, lo chat there shall exiil for ever between the Tlree Em; ire«, by virtue of the present Defensive Treaty, and of the Alliances and Treaties which already subsist. Peace, good Understanding, and perfect Friendship, as well by S a Land, so that for the future the Friends of One of the Parties Hull be the Friends of the Two others; and the Enemies of One shall, in like Manner, be considered as such by the others. On this Account the Two High Contracting Parties promise and engage to come to a frank and mutual Understanding in all Affairs in which their reciprocal Safety and Tranquillity may be interfiled, and to adopt, by common Confenr, the necessary Measures to oppose every Project hostile towards themselves, and to effectuate grneral Tranquillity.

II. — In older to give to this Alliance a full and entire Effect, the Two High Contracting Parties mutually guarantee to each other their PdLfnons; His Britannic Majesty guarantees all the Possessions of the Ottoman Empire, without Exception, such as they flood immediately before the Invasion of the French in Egypt: And his M ij'-fty the O:toman Emperor guarantees all the Poftcffions of Crc.it U it.iin, without ary Exception whatever.

Jii. — Notwithstanding the Two Contracting Parties reserve to themselves the full Right of cnteiing into Negociation with other Pwo, and to conclude with them whatever Treaties their In-tcrch mav require, yet they mutually bind themselves in the fin ngdl Manner, that inch Treaties shall not contain any Condition which can ever produce the lead Detriment, Injury, or Prejudice, to either of them, or aftcdl the Integrity of their Doming ns; on the contrary, they promise to regard and preserve, to their c:moil, their rec'prccal Honour, Safety, and Advantage.

IV. — In every same of an hostile Attack upon the Dominions of Cne of the Contracting Parti's the Succours wlvch the other is to fuitiifh shall be reg luted I v the Principles of good Faith, and in conVmity wb*i t' c ciufe Friendship subsisting between the Two E nj res, according to the Nature of the Cate.

V. — Whenever the Two Contracting Parties rn.,ke cominon Cause either with ad their Forces, or with th Succours furni'hed by virtue of this Alliance, neither Party Ilia* i'Mkc either Peace, ora durable Tiucc, without compiifing the o.her in it; tad without

flipulating for its Safety; and in case of an Attack against One of the Two Parties in hatred of the Stipulations of this Treaty, or of their faithful Execution, the other Party shall come to its Assistance in the Manner the most useful and the moil conformable to the common Interest, according to the Exigency of the Cafe.

VI. — The Two High Contracting Parties have agreed and resolved, that when their Fleets, Squad;ons, Ships, and other Vessels of War, shall meet, they shall salute each other. Attention being paid on both Sides, in order to begin the Salute, to the Superiority of Rank of the Commanders, manifelled by the Flag of Command; and in case of an Equality of Rank, no Salute shall be made. The Salute shall be answered by the same Number of Guns as were fired by the Party first saluting. Boats shall be reciprocally sent upon these Occasions for the Purpose of concerting the Mode of Salute, in order to avoid all Misunderstanding.

VII. — The Trophies, and all the Plunder taken from the Enemy, shall be the Property of the Troops making such Capture.

VIII. — The Two High Contracting Parties being actually engaged in War with the common Enemy, have agreed to make common Cause, and not to conclude any Peace or Truce but by common Consent, as it has been stipulated in the Fifth Article; (»> that on the one Side the Sublime Porte, notwithstanding the Cessation of the actual Attack directed against her Dominions, shall be bound to continue the War, and to remain attached to the Cause of her August Allies, until the Conclusion of a Peace just and honourable, as well for them as for herself; and, on the oilier Side, His Britannic Majesty shall be equally bound not to make Peace with the common Enemy without providing for the Intereils, the Honour, and the Safety of the Ottoman- Empire.

IX. — The Two Allies, making thus common Cause, promise to communicate to each other their Intentions re'ative to the Duration of the War, and to the Conditions of Peace, governing th?m-selves by juit and equitable Principles, and having an Understanding with each other in this respect.

X. — In order to render more efficacious the Succour to be furnished on both Sides during the War, according to the Spirit of the present Treaty of Alliance, the Two High Contracting Parties will concert together upon the Operations most suitable to be made in order to render abortive the pernicious Designs of the Enemy in general, and especially in Egypt, and to destroy their Commerce in the Seas of the Levant, and in the Mediterranean; and for this Purpose his Majesty the Ottoman Emperor engages not only to shut all his Ports, without Exception, against the Commerce of the Enemy, but likewise to employ against them in his Dominions (and in order to prevent the Execution of their ambitious ProjeCb) an Army, confiding at least of 100,000 Men, and even to augment it, in case of Need, to the Extent of his whole Forces: He shall also put his Naval Forces in a State of Preparation to act in concert with those of his Allies in the Seas above-mentionedAnd His Britannic Majesty, on His Parr, recipiocully engages Himself to employ in the same Seas, a Naval Force always equal to that of the Enemy, to annoy them; and to act in concert with the Fleets of LI is Allies, in order to impede the Execution of Their Plans, and especially to prevent any Attack upon the Dominions or Provinces of the Ottoman Empire.

XL — In as much as the Presence of the British Forces in the Seas of the Levant has for its principal Object the Defence of the Ottoman Coasts, and that Desertion, by weakening the Means, must unavoidably hurt the Cause, the Two High Contracting Powers promise not to tolerate it under 2ny Pretext or Motive.

XII. — notwithstanding the Tw o High Contracting Parties define to maintain these Engagements 11 Force as long as possible, nevertheless, as Circumstances might in Time require feme Change, it is agreed to fix the Term of Eight Years for this Definitive Treaty of Defensive Alliance, to be computed from the Day of the Ratifications being exchanged. At the Expiration of this Term, the Two Parties shall enter into amicable Explanations for the Renewal of it, conforming themselves to the then Situation of Affairs.

XIII. — The present Treaty of Defensive Alliance shall be ratified by His Majesty the Kng cf Great Britain, and his Majesty the Emperor of the Ottomans; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at Confiantinople in Three Months, or so oner, ifpoftible.

In Witnesswhereof, We, undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary aforesaid, have signed the present Treaty of Alliance; and have affixed to it the Seal of Our Arms, together with that of His Britannic Muji fly's Legation at the Sublime Ottoman Port.

Done at Confiantinople, the Fifth of January 1799.

(L.S.) JVm Sidney Smith. (L.S.) Ibrahim If meal Ley. (L.S.) J. Spencer Smith. (L.S.) Ahmed Aatif Rtis Yffouli.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Extr.i Forage for the Cavalry, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the

25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Dsys.

Which Sum of £. 50,496 Irish, amounts; in British Money, to - - - £. 46,606. 3. 1.

War Office, 1 26th November 1801. y

C. Torkei

fe S T I M A T E of the Charge of the Allowances to the Muster Master General, and the other Principal Officers of the several Department* under mentioned, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; from the 25th December 1801 to 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days.

Muftrr Mailer General, and his Deputies ----- -- Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, &c. ----- - Fwoll Marshal, and Contingencies - Agent for the Transmission of Deserters ----- -- 1 own Major of Dublin, and Deputy Secretary tnd Accomptant to the Board of General Officers -Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army; his Deputy, Clerks, &c. - , \ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t 1 t 1 1 1 t 1 ri 1 t 1 1 1 1 i Irish. 4'° 3 »£ 307 IO — 91 5 — 91 5- 140 2 j i 25 186 19 1i >23 19 1 449 >4 8f 40 8 aj

*1,866 6 8

Which Sum of £, 1,866. 6/. 8 {d. Irish, amounts* in British Money, to - - £. 1,722. 15. 6.

War Office, 1

16th November 1801. j C. Yorke<

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pat to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of an Allowance to Officers of Reduced Corfi, and to Retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 180a, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days*

For Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces upon Half Pay - - . £.

For an Allowance to the Colonels of the Six Regiments of the late Irish Brigade, equal to their

Full Pay - ....

For the Allowance to Retired Chaplains

Irish.

5*039 8 10 i

78j iz 6

846 ——

"6,671 1 4 i

Which Sam of £.6,671.11. 4 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to > - £.6,157. 18. a.

War Office, ? 26th November 1801. J

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of His Majesties Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 15th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days. Irish.

Allowances to the Widows of Commissioned and Warranted Officers; and Expences attending the same - - £.# I1373 4 6 f

Which Sum of £.1,373. 4/. 6 \J, Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - £.1,267. 11. 11.

War Office,

26th November i8ox.

C. Yerke.

Vol. si-

i R

Appendix,

(No. 12.)

26" Novembris.

Appendix.

A. i8ot.

Appendix, (No. 12.) 26° Novemiris,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Office as in that Part of the United Kingdom called Irel aK b, including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board; from the 25th of December 1S01 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusivej being 90 Days.

For General and Staff Officers - - t

For the Medical Board, and Medical Staff -

Which Sam of £.15,024. 3. a 655. Irish, amounts, in British Money, t*

War Office,

26th November 1801

0 £

Charge for 90 Days.

Irish.

12,217 0 440* 2,807 2 io*,#

15,024 3 2tft

13,868 9 1

C. York'*

PARTICULARS of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers in that Part of the tJnitod Kingdom called Irxlan^ including the Permanent Allowances of the Medical Board; from the 25 th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1S02, both indufive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days.

Commander of the Forces - - at £. 10 a Day Four Aides du Camp to Ditto, at 10s. a Day each Secretary to - - - Ditto, at 20x. a Day

For Clerks to - - - Ditto -

Postage for - - - Ditto -

8 Lieutenant Generals, at £.4 a Day each 2 Aides du Camp to each, at 10;. a Day each

6 Major Generals, at £.2 a Day each -1 Aide du Camp to each, at 10/. a Day each

16 Brigadier Generals, at £. i. io. per Day each 1 Adjutant General, at £.3 per Day -Allowance to Ditto, for Extra Business -Allowance to Ditto, for Add1 Extra Ditto -Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks -Deputy Adjutant General, at £.1 per Day -Allowance in lieu of Contingent Expences -6 Assistant Adjutants General, at 15/. per Diem, each 1 Assistant Deputy Adjutant General, at 5/. per Diem

1 Quarter-Mailer General, at £. 3 per Diem ——

Allowance to Ditto, for Examination of the Forage Accompts of the Cavalry Allowance to Ditto, for Examination of the Baggage Accompts of the Army Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks ——

Ditto - - - for Postage of Letters ——

Expences of Coals and Candles for Office ——

Deputy Quarter-Master General, at £. I per Day -Allowance to Ditto, in lieu of Contingent Expences -Ditto - - Additional Allowance ——

8 Assistant Quarter Mailers General, at 15/. a Day each -

1 Major of Brigade in Dublin, at iox. per Day -Ditto - . for Stationary - -

24 Majors of Brigade, at iox. per Diem -2 Inspectors of Cloathing, at £. 1 per Day each

912 10 — 182 10 —

91 5 — 1S4 2 647

20 — —

2,920 —

730 —

1,09s — —

*73 5 —

*73 *5

S« 18 2 ♦*

58 18 2 *

107 2 IO *'*

9* 5 —

39 13 7'"

410 12 6

*4 2 9

*73 lS

S* 18 2 415

S* 18 2 ♦*!

9* 18 5 711

20 — —

7 18 8 tso

9» 5 —

39 *3 7'"

5* 18 a 41 *

5+7 10 — -

+5 12 6

10 11 7 *'

MEDICAL BOARD and MEDICAL STAFF:

Two Joint Physicians General, each iox. per Diem

Surgeon General Director General of Hospitals - -One Staff Physician - - - - -Fourteen Staff Surgeons - - each

Twenty-eight Hospital Mates

20 /. per Diem ——

50X. per Diem ——

20 x. per Diem -

15 x. per Diem ——

7 x. 6J, per Diem -

Two Staff Apothecaries Commissioned, and Two Ditto Non-commissioned, each at 10 x. per Diem

Secretary, at £.60 per Annum - - - -_z.

Printing and Stationary - ....

Postage and Incidental Expences ——

Rent of Board Room ——

Poundage, Pells, and Hospital Fees ‘ - - - -' - -

Total

f Which Sum of £.15*024. 3. 2 6S|. Irish, amounts, in Brkilh Money, to

- £ t

Irish.

1,390 7 6 *'*

3,650 ——

1,368 15 — 2,190 — —

1,05* t 2

1,231 15 5

1*

56 4 1

i,°95 ——

182 10 —

90

90

225

90

945

945

180

15

25

25

22

*54

«»F

*5 —

as#

15.024 3

ess

13,868 9 *

N. B. — The above are the Allowances to the Physicians and Surgeon General, as Members of the Medical Board, exclusive of their Pay under the Patents appointing them to those Offices, which is included in the Muster Master General's Estimate.

War Office, 1 26th November 1801. J

C. Me.

42. Geo. III.

Appendix.

705

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Me dic:nes, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for . Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from the 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Appendix, (No. 12.) 26° NovembriSj

For Medicines for the Regiments of the Line, and for General Hospitals

For Bedding for Ditto -

Expences of Sixteen General Hospitals ——

Poundage, Pells, and Hospital Fees

For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick arid Wounded Soldier*

Charge for 90 Day«.

Irish.

£ 1,000 — —:

1,000 — — -

291 — i i

- 727 «i i

£ ♦6,018 19 — I

continuid.

Which Sum of £.6,018. 19/. o£d. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to -

War Office, 26th November 1801

£.5,555. 19. 2.

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near KilmainJiam, from the 25th December l8oi

to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Out-Pension - i - -

Chelsea Pensioners in Militia in Ireland Out-Pensioners, for broken Time -

Charge for 90 Days.

Irish.

£ 10,542 — I

600 — — *

V/l O 0 1 1

£ 11,642 — I

Which Sum of £. 11*642. os. id. Irish* amounts, in Britishi Money, to - - £. 10,746. 9. 4.

War Office,

26th November 1801.

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of thelN-PiNsiONERs and Internal Expences of the Royal Hospital near Kilmaiit ha m, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

War Office, 7 26th November 1801.]

Which Sum of £. 3,685 Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to - - - £.3,401. 10. 10.

C. Yorke.

s»

8*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom called 25th of December 1801 to the 24th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

lRKLAnV| irvm ui»

Firing and Candles for the Troops - ----- - --£.

Regimental Officers Lodging and Bed Money ——

Staff Officers Lodging Money ——

Lodging of Privates, and Stabling for Cavalry....

Small Utensil Money - - - " -

Straw for the Soldiers Beds....

Hospital Expences - -

For building New Barracks ~ - .

« C of Permanent Batracks .....- .

P (of Temporary Barracks -

D f of Permanent Barracks - - - ‘

cn J of Temporary Barracks - -

Bedding and Furniture -

Barrack Officers Salaries - - - - " *

Barrack Mailers Salaries -' ——

Contingencies, including Taxes on Temporary Barracks - -

Charge for 90 Days.

Which Sum of £. 96,300 Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to

War Office, I *6th November 180j. J

Iridu 30,000 8,000 2,000 -

8.000

1.000

2.000 1,000

12,500 -3,800

7.500 500

7.500

5.000

1.500

3.000

3.000

► 96,300 ——

£. 88,892. 6. 2.

C. Yorke.

VOL. 57.

70 6

Appendix.

A. i8or

Appendix, (No. 12.) »6° Novembrisy

continued

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioner Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of the Line, FenCmjd: Infantry, Corps of Invalids, and Militia, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for Small Beer, from zrth of December 1801 to 24th of March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days,

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-com jniffioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's 0 or9° ays* several Regiments of Cavalry, Infantry of the Line, Fencible Infantry, Corps of Invalids^ and Lhh*

Militia, in Ireland, for Small Beer ----- ----- £.*27,228 7 6

Which Sum of £. 27,228. 7 r. 6d\ Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - £-25,133. 17. 9.

War Office, 7 26th November 1801.3

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Priva*e Men of Hff Majesty's Land Forces while on a March, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the 25th December 1801 to the 24th March 1802, both inclusive; being 90 Days.

Charge for 90 Days,

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's irish.

Forces in Ireland, while on a March - - - £.# 2,500 — - —

Which Sum of £. 2,500 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - £. 2,307. 13. 11.

War Office, \

26th November 1801. 3 C. Yorkc.

Appendix,

(No. 13.)

26® Novembris.

*- - V

An ESTIMATE of the Sums that will be necessary to defray the Charge of Miscellaneous Services in Ireland, for

Three Months, to 25th March 1802.

GRANTS for 1801. SERVICES. Three Months. Irish Money. Three Months. English Money.

£ £. d. £. d.

340 Accountant General - - 8} 78 9 2j

240 Deputy Accountant General - - 60 SS 7 8*

800 Paymaster Corn Bounties - - - 200 — — 184 12 3

200 Examinator of Dp - - 50 46 3 —

200 Inspector of Imports and Exports - - 50 46 3 —

140 1 (I Clerk In the Office of D* - - 3S 32 6 11

140 Examinator of Excise - - 35 32 6 if

1,047 Pratique Dublin Port - - 261 — — 240 18 Si

32,000 Civil Buildings - - - - 8,000 7,384 12 -

2,500 Public Offenders - 625 — — 576 18 si

25,000 Criminal Prosecutions - 6,253 5.769 4 41

7,026 Printing Proclamations and Advertisements ,7S6 1,620 18 4}

3,766 Printing Statutes - - 94' 869 12 3

19,680 Printing and Stationary for Public Offices - m 4,920 4,541 10 7 {

2,000 Treasury Incidents - - - - 500 461 10 9

6,000 Building Law Offices - - 1,500 i.384 12

0 0 Linen Manufacture - - - 5,40° 4,984 12 1

5,000 First Fruits 1,250 — — 1,153 16 10 f

5,500 Dublin Society - - - 1 »375 1,269 4 6f

4,500 D* - - Additional Buildings - - 1,125 — " 1,038 9 2

2,000 Farming Society - . - - - 500 — — 461 10 9

10,000 Paving Board - - - - 2,500 — — 2,307 13 9

4,50° Wide Streets - 1,125 — — 1,038 9 *

»9>73i Charter Schools - - - 4,93 2 4,552 12 ij

15,000 Foundling HospiuJ - - m 3*75° — — 3461 10 7 \

2,006 Hibernian Marine Nnrfery - " 300 - 461 10 9

6,699 Lock Hospital - - - 1,674 — — '»S4S 4 6 J

3,960 Hibernian School - - - 990 — 913 16 xoj

8,000 Roman Catholic Seminary - - 2,000 — — 1,846 3 —

16,894 House of Industry - - - - 4,223 — — 3,898 10$

300 Association for Discountenancing Vice - - - 75 — — 69 + 7

500 Female Orphans - US 7 8

35, Great George»street«

Thomas Triphook.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of PAY for the Militia Re-embodied under His Majesty's Warrant, dated the 3d Augall i8di; and of other Expences attending their being called out; carried up to the 24th December 1801, inclusive.

Appendix,

(No. I4-)

190 Januarii.

For the Pay and Allowance of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men Re-embodied and retained in the Service, from the 3d August 1801 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 144 Days -

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Ditto For an Allowance ,n lieu of Small Beer, for Ditto ——

F'or Necrflaries furnished to Ditto

For Contingencies for Ditto -

For the Pay of Com.naiffioned Officers appointed on the Augmented Establishments of the Militia Corps, including the Increased Allowances to Captains and Surgeons -For the Pay of 2,382 Non-commissioned Officers and‘Privates, dismissed in consequence of their not having been found fit for Service; from the 3d August 1801 to the respective Dates of their being dimiiiied ——

Total

Numbers. Charge.

£. d.

10,183 77,000 — —

- 10,000 — —

- - 7»oco — —

- ' 9,000 — —

- . - 1,000 — —

120 6,000 — - —

- - 4,000 — —

10,303 f. 114.000 — —

1802.

War Office,

19th January 1802.

C. Torke.

An ACCOUNT of the Dirtribution of the Sum of £.2,500,000, Granted to His Majesty, to defray the Ext*aoHdi-ha*t Service, of the ARMY, for the Year 1801 Paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty'* Forces.

Appendix,

(No. 15O

2° Februar.

Dates of Payments.

1801. March 17 th.

Juguft 17th. March 2 x 11. jfunt 5th.

D teem her 3d.

To Mrs. Elizabeth Plckftone, for Trovisions laid up in Store in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney -

To D°, for D° Service* ——

To Messrs. Hart (home and Tremain, for Flour delivered at Halifax in Nova Scotia -To E lm* Thornton, hlq. for the Balance of his Account as Contrador for supplying the TrOops in the West Indies with Fresh Meat ——

To D®, for the Value of Salt, Beef, and other Articles, loft at Petit Bourg, in Guadaloupe -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Alexr Sloane, Consul at Rome, for Public Services ——

To D°, drawn by Edward Stanley, D\ at Trieste, for D°

To D°, drawn by the Honblc William Wyndham, Envoy at Florence, for D°

To D®, drawn by the Honblc Arthur Paget, Envoy Extraordinary at Naples, for D0 To D°, drawn by Rob1 Walrond, Charge d'Affaires at Palermo, for D® -To Da, drawn by J. M. Matra, Consul General at Tangier, for D° -To L®, drawn by John Erlkine, Commissary General in Portugal and the Mediterranean, for D*

To D°, drawn by Martin Petrie, Commiftary of Accounts in D°, for D' -To i)°, drawn by Cha' Arbuthnot, Minister at Lisbon, for D' .

To ]>*, drawn by John Hookham Frere, Envoy at Lisbon, for Public Services To D°, drawn by W. H. Robinson, Acting CommilTary General in the Mediterranean, for D° - -

To L°, drawn by George Warden, Assistant Commissary General in Portugal and the Mediterranean, for D®

To D®, drawm by K. Chandler, ComrtutTary at Cor.stantinopV, for D®

To D°, drawn by Rob* H. Kennedy, Acting CommilTary General in Egypt, for D® To D®, drawn by A. M. B ill, Governor of Malta, for D°

To D°, drawn by John Tv Ton, from D°, for Da - -

To D°, drawm by Lord William Bentinck, Resid ent with the Imperial Army in Italy, for D° - -

To D°, drawn by Lieut. Colonel Ramsay, on the Continent, for D°

To I)\ drawn by Lieut. Colonel Robert Crtuifurd, on D®, for D° -To Ddrawn by W1® Booth, Commissary of Accounts on the Continent, so To D> drawn by McllVs. Thornton and Power, from Hamburgh, for D®

To DJ, drawn by AIexr Cockbum, Consul at Hamburgh, for D°

To Dh drawn by Lieut. Col1 Durell, Deputy Commiftary on the Con for D°

To D®, drawn by A. Gordon, Governor of Jersey, for Da To D9, drawn by Capt. d'Auvergne, Prince of Bouillon, commanding for D®

To D°, draw n by Sir Hew Dalrymple, Lieut. Governor of Guernsey, for D To D0, d*\*wn by Brigadier General McDonald, commanding at D®, for D®

3,968

47^ 2,667 6 571 4,coo 500

4S°

700

687

M44

d

8

16

1,000 — — .

- 112,300 — — 590 5 —

8,040 ——

20634 >» 4

47>, 88 -

Carried forward

- 1,850 — —

- 35,850

- 9,700

)° - 1.200 — —

- 84,680

- 24968 2 —

?nt.

- 5,258 8 4

- 13.038

D9,

- 15,600 — —

- 9 009 — 10

1,943 16 —

£ 414,012 ib 3

£ '

1,482 16 t 1,659 1 5 1,0*8 7 3

130 13 9 3,048 19 -4-

6,349 17 6

Vol. 57.

% S

Appendix, (No. 15.) l* Februarii,

continued.

Dates

of Payments.

1801. December 3d.

January 3d. 15th.

22J.

26th.

29th.

February 4th. j\turch

20th. April 18 til.

May 8th. 2tft. 30th.

Brought forward - - £. 414*012 to 3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Peter Le Mefurier, Governor of Alderney, for

Public Services.....g08 — —

To D°, drawn by Brigr Gen1 Cna* W. Este, Lieutenant Governor of D®, for D° - 7112 6

To D°, drawn by Jof. Robley, President of Tobago, for D° - - - . - 181 17 6

To D°, drawn by Rich<* Mailer, Governor of D°, for D° - - - 14 16 6

To D°, drawn by Drewry Ottley, President of St. Vincent's, for D0 ... 2,320 10 11

To D°, drawn by Edw Corbet, Agent for the Affairs of St. Domingo, for D° - 1,360 — . _

To I>, drawn by A. C. Johnflon, Governor of Dominica, for D° 1,587 — —

To D°, drawn by W. Dowdeswell, Governor of the Bahamas, for D° -t 16*681 14 5

To D°, drawn by R. Hunt, President of D°, for D° - - - - 5,412 18 7

To D', drawn by W. Keppel, Governor of Martinique, for D° - - - - 4,402 10 —

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Balcarres, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for D® 119,489 — 2

To D®, drawn by Rob1 Thomson, President of St. Kitt's, for D° - 877 10 4

To D°, drawn by Chai Green, Governor of Grenada, for D° - - - - 882 10 6

To D°, drawn by George Prevost, Lieutenant Governor of St. Lucia, for D° - 500 — —

To D % drawn by Geo. Beckwith, Governor of Bermuda, for D° - 9,858 8 —

To D°, drawn by A. N. Yates, Commissary at Curaçao, for D® - - - 10,340 16 3

To D°, drawn by J. Hodge, Deputy Commissary to the Forces at D°. for D° - 363 10 —

To Dft, drawn by John Glasfurd, Ailing Commissary*General in the Windward and

Leeward HLnds, for D° - SiS.428 13 6

To D°, drawn by Loid Lavington, Governor of the Leeward Ifhnds, for D* - 748 10 —

To D°, drawn by E. Fanning, Lieutenant Governor <v St. John's, lor D° - 700 — —

To D°, drawn by John Defpard, President of Cape Breton, f( r D° - - - 184 6 9

To D°, drawn by Alexr Cormack, De. ;:y Commissary at Newfoundland1, for D* - 436 15 6

To D°, drawn by W. Eppes, CommifLry at D°, for D° - - - - 3*196 19 2

To D\ drawn by Admiral Pole, Commander in Chief at D°, for D° - - 300 — —

To b', drawn by John Murray, President at Cape Breton, for Du 486 — —

To D', drawn by Sir J. Wentworth, Lieut. Govemo- of Nova Scotia, for D° - 6,719 10 1

To D°, drawn by Lieut. Gen1 Bowyer, commanding at Halifax, for D° - 2,250 — — .

To D°, drawn by Alex' Green, Deputy Paymaster at D°, for D° - - - - 13,347 13 8

To Da drawn by L. G. Carleton, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, for D° 8,472 9 —

To 0°, drawn by Ja' Stuart, Lieutenant Governor of Fort George, for D° - - 2,484 7 —

To D°, drawn by Capt. L. W. Hallted and W. Gordon, from Porto Fcrrajo, for D° 10,000 — —

To Intcrell on Bills drawn by Commissary Wood.....174 17 —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lieut. Gen1 O'Hara, for sundry Special Contingent Services of the

Garrison of Gibraltar ....

To D°, drawn by the Ailing Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, for Extra Expences of the Forces there ——

To D°, drawn by D°, at the Cape of Good Hope, for D° ——

To Cash, paid by the Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the Extra Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Year, to 24th September 1801 ——

To D°, paid by the Ailing Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for D®, of the Army in that Province, for One Year, to D° -

To Dollars consigned to H. Motz, Esq. Commissary General to the Army in Egypt -To D°, consigned to Col1 Clinton at Madeira ——

To Gen1 R. Melville, for the Balance of his Account, as late Lieutenant Governor

of Guadaloupe, Grand Terre, See. ----- -- m£*757 8 7

To W*n Merry, Esq. for Additional Duties, Freight, Demurrage, and Insurance, of

610 Chaldrons of Coals, sent by him for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar 3*515 8 9

To L. Wolfe, Esq. for Stationary, delivered for the Use of the Military Department

in Lower Canada - 49* 18 4

To Baron Von Eckhardflcin, for the Balance of his Account, as Contrailor for Tup-plying Meal, Oats, Hay, Straw, and other Necessaries, for the Army, when serving on the Continent in 1793, *794» an(* *795 ----- -- 889 9 —

To the Representr.tives of the late M. G. Nesbitt, for his Allowance for providing himself with an Equipage, on being appointed Commander in Chief at St. Domingo ----- ----- --- 1,000 — —

To Tho* Dunn, Esq. for the Balance of his Account as Paymaster of the Marine Department in the Province of Quebec, between nth February 1775 and 20th January 1786 ----- ----- - 762 4 2

To W:" Eton, Esq. for his Contingent Expences as Civil Commissary to the Russian

Troops in the 1 Hands of Jersey and Guernsey ..... 234 14 —

To Lieut. Col. Drink water, for the Contingent Expences of his Office as Commissary

of Accounts to the Forces under the Command of Sir Ralph Abercromby - 700 — —

To John Bligh, Esq. Commander of the Agincourt, for carrying out Dollars to Newfoundland, a*>d for his Secretary, for distributing them to the Troops - - 110 — —

To Dr. Nooth, for the Balance of his Account as Purveyor of Hospitals in America,

to 24 h December 1773 - -- - 12 39

To Wm Merry, Esq. for His Maj, fly's Proportion of 759 Chaldrons of Coals, sent

for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - -1,176 9 —

To D°, for Additional Duties, freight. Demurrage, and Insurance on D® - - 3,935 7 9

To Messrs Dickafon, et alia, as a Compensation for Losses upon Bills of Exchange

recJvcd by them, upon a Contract for supplying of Horses in the West Indies - 237 16 7

To LLut. Harris, for bringing Dispatches, containing Intelligence of the Capture

cf Seringapatam - -- 500 — —

To J. Panter, Esq. for Incidental Expences, as Secretary to the Commissioners for

examining the Accounts of Public Expenditure in the West Indies - 500 — —

For the Accommodation of sundry Subaltern Officers of different Corps serving in

India, at the Captain's Table, during their Voyage to that Country - 4,990 —

To John Barry, Esq. for Sheeting, supplied to the late M. G. Irving, Aflalant

Quarter Mallet General at Guadaloupe - 28 11 —

Carried forward - - £. 19,841 10 11

jr. d.

6,349 >7 *

1,154,093 7 7

>4-379 3 3

14.499 17 8 97,024 9 —

140,874 14 3

89,951 12 ‘9

144,000 — -

10,000 — —

>»67>>>7S —

4*

Geo. HI-

Appendix.

7°9

Dates

of Payments.

1801. June 10 th.

llth.

15th.

16'h.

30th. July 2d. 4th. joth. 13 th. 17th. Jugnfl 4th*

6th.

15th.

20th.

21ft.

September 1 ith.

7th.

17th.

25th

October ill.

13th.

November 13th.

Brought forward

- £ X9»84* 10 11

January ift.

2d.

5 th. 9th. loth.

15th.

16th. 17th. 21 ft. 26lh.

28th.

February 3d. 5th.

1,757 18 8

30 ——

20 — —

1,500 -

7,000 — —

1,304 li —

163 17 —

no 17 —

250 — —

i,39* H 4 250 — — 155 6 —

To F. Miller, late A Aidant Barrack Mailer at Grenada, for Negro and Mule Hire, from 25th June 1796 to 23J February 1797 ——

To Capt. T. Rogers, of the Ship Mercury, for carrying Dollars to Newfoundland To Capt Mdlbn.i, Lr carrying Dispatches from Dunkirk to Minhean, and other Places, in 1 794 ——

To O'unt de Waldftein, towards a Demand for raising a Regiment of Infantry for FI i Maj* fly's Sevier ——

To William Huflriflbn, Esq. to be applied for sundry Articles for the Public Service in the Island of Ceylon ——

To Jnm-s Chapman, Esq. for Presents to the Indians inhabiting the Settlements lately belonging to Holland ——

To lohn Crichton, Ffq. to reimburse Fees paid on passing the Account of Nathaniel D.y, as Comm flary General in Canada ——

To M^fl'rs. Ross nd Kean, for Work performed, and Materials furni&ed, for Public Service in S\ Vincent's -

To Major Bmwne, for bringing an Account of the Surrender of St. John's, and other 111 mis -

To John Miller, F,rq. for Interest on Bills drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, late Governor of the Bahama I Hands ——

To Major M M ilion, for bringing an Account of the Surrender of St. Croix To D°, for Expences incurred by him on Account of D J -

To Mrs. H. Hutchinson, Executrix of Sir R. Bovd, for the Balance of his Account as Governor of Gibraltar, to 31 December 1793 ——

To Lieut. Col. Browne, for Expences incurred in bringing an Account of the Sur-rcider of th<* I (lands of St. Bartholomew, St. Martin, St. Thomas, and St. John To Count de Waldftein, in Part of the Balance of his Account of Ltvy Money,

Subsidrnce, Sec. of a Regiment of Infantry raised by him on the Continent, for His Majesty's Service ----- ----- - 7,428

To Peter Lc Mefurier, Governor of Alderney, for Extra Expences incurred by

him, in Conference of the War, to 24th December 1798 - 356

To J. Pantcr, E'q. for Incidental Expences of the Commission for examining Accounts of Expenditure in the West Indies ----- -- 1,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service - -- 1 ,coo — —

To L. Wolfa, F.fq. for Stationary sent to Canada, *or the Public Service, in 1801 - 569 IO 3

To Lieut. 7 ucker. Aid de Camp to Sir G. Yonge, for Expences on his Voyage from the Cape of Good I lope, with Dispatches ——

To Major Montrefor, for bringing Difratchcs from Sir J. H. Hutchinson, containing Intelligence of the Surrender of Cairo -

To Capt. Day, of the Navy, to reimburse the like Sum expended by him, in bringing Dispatches of Importance from M. G. Frafer, at Lilhon -To H. Le Mefurier, Esq. to defray the Contingent Expences of his Department, as Commissary General in Egypt ——

To Lieut. Co!. Harcourt, of the 12th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse Expences incurred, while employed on a Special Million to S;. Domingo -To Mr. D. Coxe, Agent of Pb'neas Bond, Conl'ul General at Philadelphia, to pay a Bill drawn by the said P. Bond, for Money advprced to Mr. DuVivier, late Assistant Surgeon to the Supp y Hospital Ship, for hb Attendance, in consequence of the IPness of the Army Surgeons, on Invalids, during their Voyage from St.

Christopher's to England -

£ 1,671,175

d.

i —

79 >7 *55

6 —

11 —

6 —

300 11 —

500 ——

115 11 8 1,000 — — 1,32* II —

43 >7 *

Vol. 57.

To Dr. Thomas Young, for 182 Days Pay as Inspector of Hospitals to the Forces, to 24th June 1800 ——

To Mr. Dennis ConfiJen, for 90 Days D°, as Purveyor to the Forces to 24th March 1800 ——

To Count de Meuron, for O^e Quarter's Subsidy to 25th September 1800, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service ——

To Samuel Irving, for 59 Days Pay as Surgeon at the Cape of Good Hope, to 24th March 1801 ——

To Dr. James Buchan, for 112 Days D°. as Physician on Foreign Service, to D° To John Joberns, for 90 Da)s D°, as AlTistant Inspector of Hofprals, to D° -To John Jaffray, for 352 Days Pay, as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions in the Leeward islands, to 10th December 179b -

To D°, for 352 Days D°, as Commissary General to the Forces in the West Indies, to D° ——

To L. G. James Ogilvie, for the Difference between the Persona! Pay of Major General and a Lieutenant General, from 5th November to 24th December 1798 To Captain S. Thompson, for 183 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Jersey, to 31st October 1797 -

To Mr. A. Grieves, for 83 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces, to 15th September

179 >.....W....

For Pay in Advance, to 24th March 1801, to sundry Medical Staff Oncers, ordered to embark lor Foreign Service ——

To Mr. Joseph Venour, for the Difference between his Pay as Apothecary and as Assistant Inspeiftor of Hospitals, from 12th September to 24th December 1799 To the Honourable Alexander Murray, for Six Years and 54 Days Pay, as Captain Command-nt of Two White and One BUck Companies, raised for the Protection of Turks I (land, to the 27th Augcll 1799 -

To General Robert Prescott, for 82 Days Pay, as Commander in Chief in North America, with Four Aids de Camp, to 14th of September 1799 -

To Joseph Cope, for 183 Days D° as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1799 For the Pay of certain Commilllor.cd and Warrant Officers attached to the First Regiment ot Foot Guards, but not borne on the Establi foment, from the Year 1793 to the Year 1799 ——

For D° of D°, attached to the 2d Regiment of D°, from D° to D°

5*7

*5

4 —

5 —

750 ——

27 19 106 1

8 S

I IO

5 —

1,000 6 3

7°4 ——

94 >4 6 86 13 5 39 6 a 278 — 4

49 S *

898 ——

93*

86

*>S57

1,151

2

x3 5

6 7

r4 —

Carried forward -

£ 9»+49 16 8

Appendix^ (No: 15.) 2° Febrnariiy

continued.

47.653

16 a

1,718,828 is 1*

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

2* Februa

continued.

Datej of Payments.

1801. February 51b.

18 lb.

March 13 th. 14th. loth.

18th.

19 th. aiff.

April 13 th.

' 4th.

lift.

May 5 th.

nth.

12th.

Brought forward

- £ 9-449 >6 8

912 6 —

14th.

16 th. 18th.

19th.

20th.

21ft.

22d.

rr3d. 28th. June I ft. 2d.

For the Pay of the Staff Officers of the Grenadier and Light Infantry Battalions of the Foot Guards, for the Years 1798 and 1799 ——

To Dr. Samuel Cave, for 76 Days Pay as Physician to the Forces, to 24th December

*799 .....71 19 io

To Mr. Window, on Account of Pay of Captain Poole's late Waggon Corps - 250 — —

To D°, on Account of Major Barrette's late D° - 6co — —

To D°, on Account of the late Hospital Corps - - - - 600 — —

To W. L. Whitfield, Esq. for his Pay as Secretary to John Wigglesworth, Esq. late Agent at St. Domingo, from 21st March to 6th September 1800 .

To John Fielder, for 61 Days Pay, as Purveyor of Hospitals to the Forces, to 24th December 1709 ——

To John Buckholmc, Esq. for the Difference of Pay between Deputy and Acting Commissary G-neral in the Mediterranean, from 25 th March 1796 to 24th March

*797 - *.....- # *

To Mr. F. Hutchinson, for One Year's Pay, as Affiffant Commissiry in North America, to 29th October 1800 ——

To James Foller, for 451 Days Pay, as Surgeon's Mate to the Second Battalion of Grenadiers, to 19th July 1795 ——

To fuudry Perfor.s for Half Pay for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, to different Periods ——

To Alexander J.Jfrny, Esq. for Three Years and 181 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary, in the Vr'eit Indies ——

To Mr. Jonaihan Ogden, for 183 Days Pay, as Surgeon in Newfoundland, to 24th December 1798 ——

To DJt for 365 Days D°, as D°, to 24th December 1799 -

To Sir A. DoegLs, for 183 Days D°, as Physician in North Britain, to D® -To Mr. M. Caimac, for 182 Days D°, as Apothecary in Great Eiitain, to 24th June 1800 ——

To M'jffrs. Cox and Greenwood, for Salaries of the several Officers of the Military Academy, from the Date* of their Appointments to 24th December 1799 *

To Lieut. Col. Moore, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th September 1800, for his long Services ——

To Major Elrir.gton, for 182 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th June 1800 ——

To John Guillemard, Esq. for a Moiety of the Salary due to him as Fifth Commissioner under the American Treaty, to 5th April 1800 -

To A. M. Browne, Esq. for 127 Days Allowance, as late Barrack Mailer General of St. Vincent's, to 8th of April 1801 ——

To Lieut. Colonel George Walker, for Pay as Military Commissary for the Russian Troops, from 24th July to 2iff October 1800 -

To Capt. D. F. Blomart, for 182 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain,

1024th June i8co ——

To James Lawrie, Esq. for Half a Year's Allowance, as late Superintendant of the Mosquito Shore, to 21st June 1800 ——

To Lieut. Colonel Paterson, for One Year's Extra Allowance, as Assistant Quarter

Master General, to 24th December 1798....

To Sir Hugh Dalrymple, for the Difference between his Pay as Major General with One Aid de Camp and a Lieutenant General with Two Aides de Camp, for 54 Days, to 24th December 1799 ——

To L. G. Gordon, for the Difference between his Pay as D° and D°, for 54 Days, to D° ——

To the Duke of York, for 122 Days Pay of One of his Aides de Camp, to 24th December 1799 ——

To Court de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th December i8co, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service ——

To James Clarke, Esq. for 859 Days Pay, as Affiffant Commissary in North America, to 28th February 1801 To Lieut. Colonel Sontag, late Military Superintendent of Hospitals, for Pay of himself and the Resident Superintendants, to 24th December 1798 -

To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1799 to 24-tl1 Jllne *8co -For 182 Days Pay of sundry Staff Officers in the liland of Alderney, to 24th June 1800 To M. G. Stuart, for Difference of Pay between Brigadier and Major General, for 145 Days, to 24th September 1796 ——

To Nancy Hunter, Widow of the late James Hunter, for his Half Pay for 1,4 Days, as a Second Lieutenant in the Provincial Marine Department of Canada, to ill April 1793 - »

To Dr. George Pinckard, for 182 Days Pay, as Deputy Inspector General of Hospi-tak, to 24th June 1800 ——

To J. Butler Butler, Esq. for 634 Days D°, as Deputy Commissary General in North America, to 13th April 1801 -

To G. Brinlcy, Esq. lor 159 Days D°, as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions in Du, to 24th December 1799 ——

To D°, for 365 Days D°, as Dk to 18th July 1800 ----- - 547 10 —

To D°, for 27 Days Pay, and additional Pay as D°, to 18th July 1799 - - - 40 10 —

To Daniel Frafer, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December i8co, for his long *

Services..... 40 — —

For 186 Days Pay of sundry Officers on a Special Mission to Conffantinople, to 25th

May 1801 --- ----- ---- - X, X 81 16 9

To R. White, Esq. for Half a Year's Allowance, as late Agent for the Honduras

Di.irid, to iff April 1801- - - - - . - - - - 75----

To G. C. Jones, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Purveyor of Hospitals, to 24th of

December 1800 - ----- ----- - 172 17 6

I 2 t 8 6

4 6

3 9

182 10 —

74 *5 3

122 9 6

638 —

85 *3 5

172 17 6

*73 7 —

85 4 ~

*,°45 19 9

75 —

86 4 —

2,256 19 5

38 2 —

IS9 + —

86 4 —

250 —

86 8 9

*27 *7 7

,27 7 7

57 »5 7

750 < — __

644 5 —

303 7 3

375 3

34+ 16 —

77 1 —

72 >9

258 12 —

317 —

22; 18 s

Carried forward

- £*4>647 3 9

£ d-, 1,718,328 18 11

,718,828 18 11

Appendix*

42 Geo. III.

711

Dates of Payments.

1801. Jum 3d.

5th.

loth.

13th.

2id.

July 3d. 6th.

| ith. 14th. . 18th. 20th. 22J. 30th. Juguj} 8 th. 15 th. 17th. zzd.

September 9 th.

Ilth.

24th. October 13 th.

November 6th.

1 2th.

December id.

8th.

January 12th. Jpril 9th.

Alay 5 th. 19th.

Brought forward - . £.24,647

for 365 Day* Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th De-

3 9

To E. Home, Esq,

cember 1799....

To Lieutenant D. J. Mahony, for 302 Days D°, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 2d June 1800 - - -

To Dr. John Wright, for 90 Days D°, as Assistant Inspector of Hospitals to the Forces under Brigadier General Maitland, to 24th March 1800 -

To Count De Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th March 1801, for continuing his Corps in His Majesty's Service ——

To the Representatives of James Lawrie, Esq. for 182 Days Allowance, as late Superintendant of the Mosquito Shore, to 20th December 1800 -

To John Thompson, Esq. for Pay as Assistant Commissary to the Forces under the Command of Sir Ralph Abercromby, to 24th December 1800 r

To Sir C. Stuart, for 244 Days Pay, as Governor of Minorca, to 24th December 1799 To L. G. Dundas, for 183 Days Additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1800 ——

To D°, for the Pay of his Two Assistants for 365 Days, to D° ?

To Sir William Fawcett, for 183 Days Additional Pay as Adjutant General, to D° -To Col. H. Calvert, - - for 183 Days Additional D°, as - - D° - - to D° -To - - D* - - - - for the Pay of an Assistant for the Year 1800 -

To Lieut. Col. Paterson, for his Extra Allowance as Assistant Quarter Master General, for D° -

To Lieut. Gen. Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance as Governor of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1800 ——

To T. Kcate, Esq. for 365 Days Additional Pay, as Surgeon General, to 24th December 1800 ——

To Major General Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, as Governor of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1799 ——

To Lieut. Col. Drink water, for 639 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts to the Army lately serving in Holland, to 17th April 1801 To Cap?. W® Spicer, for 101 Days Pay as Lieut. Governor of Fort Royal in St. Domingo, to 3d October 1798 ——

For the Pay, and Difference of Pay, of sundry General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for sundry Periods in 1800 ——

To Sir L. Pepys, for 365 Days Additional Pay, as Physician General, to 24th December 1800 ——

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th June 1801, for continuing his Corps in Elis Majesty's Service ——

To C. Mason, Esq. for 947 Days Pay, as late Commissary of Accounts, to 5th February 1800 ——

To Lieut. Col. Drinkwater, for 639 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts to the Forces lately employed in Holland, to 17th April 1801 -

For Half Pay to sundry Persons, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, to various Periods - -

To James Deze, for 608 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary of Stores at Gibraltar, to 31st August 1796 ——

To the Representatives of D°, for 192 Days D°, as D°, — to nth March 1797 -

T. A. M. Browne, for 139 Days Allowance, as late Barrack Master of St Vincent's, to 25th August 1801 ——

To the Duke of Gloucester, for Pay of certain £ommissioned Officers attached to the lft Regiment of Foot Guards, for the Year 1800 ——

To the Duke of York, for Pay of certain D°, attached to the Coldstream D°, for D° To the Duke of Argyll, for Pay of certain D°, attached to the 3d D°, from the Year 1793 to the Year 1800 ——

To G. F. Lockley, for 68 Days Pay as Surgeon, to 24th August 1801 - r To the Duke of York, for the Additional Pay of his Public Secretary, and for the Pay of a Private Secretary, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1799 -

To Count de Meuron, for One Quarter's Subsidy, to 25th September 1801, for continuing hit Corps in His Majesty's Service ——

To Robert White, for Half a Year's Allowance, to ift Qttober 1801, for his Services as late Agent for the Honduras District ——

172 17 6

143 — 8

170 10 1

750 ——

248 12 7

100

462

693

17a

693

433

248

7

5

7

>7

7

7

*3

86 8 9

230 ——

518 12 6

250 ——

1,278 ——

o 10

3,846 14 —

518 12 6

750 ——

1,894 - —

1,210 11 11

229 3 6

608 — — 19a — —

41 14 —

830

649

«»3 87

32

2,586 10 — 750 ——

75 ——

To John Trotter, Esq. for providing Camp Ntccflaries, Bedding, &c. and for sundry Expences incurred for the Use of His Majesty's Forces ——

For Bat, Baggage, and Forage, for sundry Corps of Regulars and Militia, and Forage to several General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals attending the Forces -

To a F*ill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland - - - - ~

To Col. A Mackay, for his Contingent Dilhurfements as Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25th June to 24th December 1798 - -

To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1798 to 24th June 1799 -

To D°, for D', from 25th June to 24th December 1799 -

To Lieut. Col. A. Dirom, for his Contingent Diffiurfements as Deputy Quarter Mailer G neral in North Britain, from 25th December 1798 to 24th June 1799 -To DJ, for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1799 -

To John G.*ddes, Esq. for Sums expended by him for the Use of the Troops in North Britain, in tl^e Year 1800 - -.- - -

To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended by him in North Britain, from 25th December 1797 to 30th May 1798 - - - - -

To Col. A. Mack iv, for his Contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutant General in D°, to 24th June 1800 - -

To Lieut. Col. A. Dirom, for his D°, as Deputy Quarter Master General, in D*, to D*

2,504 >3 3

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 —

78 3 —

2,644 12 8

129 — —

78 3 —

78 3 —

1,718,828 18 11

Appendix* (No. 15*)

2® February>

continue d*

£.5,825 6 11

46,971 7 6

83,452 5 4

46,306 17 5

1,895,559 19 2

VO L.

57-

Appendix

A. 1802.

Appendix* (No. 15.) i# Februariu

continue

7*

Dates of Payments.

1801. June I ft*

July 15 th.

December lft*

January 21ft.

31st.

February 10th.

March 5th.

17th. dpril 23d.

May 8 th.

Brought forward - - £.5,825 6 11

To John Geddes, Kfq. in Reimbursement of Expences attending the Transportation of Troops from North Britain - -- 257 — 1

To William Fettes, Esq. #Qr Extra Expences for Oatmeal, Sec. furnished to the several Garrisons in North Britain, to 24th December 1800 - - - 2,880 4 6

To MeflVs. Fettes, Tenant, and Mill, for Beef provided and stored by them for the

Troops in Scotland ----- - - - - 2,412 11 6

For sundry Articles of Cloathing, Accoutrements, Horse Furniture, Sec. supplied to sundry Corps To make good the Deficiencies on the Alignments of sundry Corps that were reduced. Sec. -For Great Coats supplied to sundry Corps ——

To John Buffa, Surgeon of the Royal Fuzileers, for the Loss of Baggage, Sec. upon the Evacuation of Toulon - 99 11 —

To Major Charles Stewart, of the 53d Foot, for D°, when taken by the Enemy on

his Pillage from the West Indies..... 63 3 —

To Lieut. William Hope Shackerly, for D®, which was taken by the Enemy on his

PaITage to the West Indies - - - - 80 13 —

To Hoipttal Mate James Gibb, for D®, sustained by the Wreck of the Countess of

Leicester Packet, on the Passage from Ireland - 2; 2-

To Lieut. Hinde and Ensign Crofts, for Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of Toulon 124 11 —

To the Earl of Chatham, for sundry Appointments. &c. of the 4th Regiment of

Foot, which were loft on Service in Holland in 1799 - 1,081 9 3

To Lieut. Gen. Grenville, for sundry D°, loft on D° in D° ----- 802 11 7

To Major General Egerton, for replacing sundry Articles of Necessaries of the 14th

Dragoons, which were taken by the Enemy - 48 2177

To D°, for LolTes of sundry Officers of D° Regiment, of Baggage and Camp Equipage 383 16 —

To Sir G. Osborn, for D°, of sundry D°, of the 40th Foot ----- 1,086 9 2

To D°, for sundry Appointments of D° Regiment, loft on Service - - - - 189 10 8

To Lieut. General David Dundas, for replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 22d

Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in the West Indies, &c. - - - - no 2 -

To D°, for sundry Appointments of the 7th, Regiment of Dragoons, which were loft

on Service in Holland - - - - - 677 11 1

To D°, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of D° Regiment, of Baggage, Sec. in D® 423 it 2 To Lord G. Lennox, for Expences in providing Extra Necessaries for the 25th

Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the Enemy on board a Transport - - 234 i| 2

To D°, for sundry Appointments of the 25th Regiment of Foot, which were loft on Service in Holland - -- 240 10 3

To D°, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of D° Regiment, of Baggage, &c. in D° 263 11 8

To General Reid, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 88th Regiment of Foot,

which were loft by the Capture of a Transport - 21816

To the Duke of Argyll, for sundry Appointments of the 3d Regiment of Foot

Guards, which were loft on Service in Holland - - - - 296 6 10

To Lieut. General Coates, for sundry D° of the 2d Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in D° - 55 5 1

To Lieut. General Leigh, for sundry D° of the 20th D°, loft on Service in D° - 476 16 6

To General Fletcher, - - for sundry D° of the 35th D®, loft on Service in D® - 519 5 —

To General Maitland, - - for sundry D° of the 49th D®, loft on Service in D® - 176 4 —

To Colonel Cameron, - - for sundry D° of the 79th D®, loft on Service in D® - 104 19 4

To the Duke of Argyll, for Loss of Baggage, &c. sustained by sundry Officers of the

3d Regiment of Foot Guards, on Service in D° ----- - 128 15 —

To Lieut. General Coates, for D®, sustained by sundry D° of the 2d Regiment of

Foot, on Service in D° - - - 144 1 —

To Lieut. General Leigh, for D®, sustained by sundry D® of the 20th Regiment of

Foot, on Service in D® ----- --217 48

To General Fletcher, for D°, sustained by sundry D® of the 35th D°, on Service in D° 625 2 —

To General Maitland, for D°, sustained by sundry D° of the 49th D°-,tm Service in D° 261 8 6

To Colonel Cameron, for D°, sustained by sundry D° of the 79th D®, on Service in D® 91 9 —

To Capt. J. A. Morley, late of the 79th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage,

which was taken by the Enemy on his Passage to Inverness - - - - 82 2-

To the Duke of Gloucester, for Loss of Horses, Baggage, &c. sustained by sundry

Officers of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards, on Service in Holland ... 372 19 —

To the Duke of York, for D®, sustained by sundry D® of the 2d Regiment of D°,

on Service in D® - - - - S71 9 —

To the Marquis of Drogheda, for D®, sustained by sundry D° of the 18th Regiment

of Dragoons, on Service in D® - -- 250 9 3

To Lieut. Col. Hamilton, for Loss sustained by Lieut. Wright, of the Royal Waggon

Train, in having a Horse (hot for the Glanders, on Service inD® - - - 1919 —

To the Earl of Chatham, for Loss of Horses, Baggage, Sec. sustained by sundry

Officers of the 4th Regiment of Foot, on Service m D® - - - - 983 5 6

To Lieut. General Bertie, for D°, sustained by sundry D° of the 9th D®, on Service

inD®.....634 17 4

To Lieut. General Garth, for D®, sustained by sundry D° of the 17th D°, on Service

in D®.....- - 730 15 4

To Lieut. General Grenville, for D°, sustained by Lieut. Hill, of the 23d D°, on

Service inD® - - - - 63 3 —

To General Massey, for D°, sustained by sundry Officers of the 27th D®, on Service

inD®- - - -..... - - - - 244 38

To Major General Forbes, for D°, sustained by sundry D® of the 29th D°, on

Service in D° - -- - - -- - 97 ^4

To Lord Mulgrave, for D®, sustained by sundry D® of the 31st D°, on Service in D® - 155 2 —

To Lieut. General Norton, for Loss of Baggage, &c. sustained by Lieut. Maillard, of the 56th Regiment of Foot, on Service in D® - - - 19 19 —

£.13,612 — 5

r. i.

1,895,559 19 a

*L37S 3-

42,788 15 7

5*545 5 7 12,522 13 a

i>967>791 16 6

Dates of Payments.

1801. May 8th.

nth.

12th.

14th.

June 4th. 6th.

29th. 30th. July loth, nth. 22d.

30th.

Vol. 57.

Brought forward - - £. 13,612 — 5

To the Duke of York, for Loss of Baggage, Stc. sustained by sundry Officers of the

60th Regiment of Foot, on Service in Holland - - - - 31 1 —

To Lieut. General Cuyler, for D°, sustained by sundry D° of the 69th D°, on Service

in D° -; - - 47 5 —

To th" Marquis of Huntley, for D®, sustained by sundry D® of the 9*d D°* on Service

,n D°.....-.....93 3 —

To MeflTrs. Cox and Greenwood, for Loss of Necessaries sustained by sundry Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Foot Guards, on the Expedition to Oil end in 1798 - -- - 357 — —

To Capt. Thomfcn, of the Coldstream Foot Guards, for Loss of Baggage on board

the Thetis Transport, wl^en wrecked on the Coast of Ireland - - - - 46 I —

To Major Von Moffieim, of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D°, on his

Passage from Trinidad ---- ----- - - 164 4 —

To General Tottenham, for fundrjr Appointments, Sec: of the 55th Regiment of

Foot, which were loll on Service m Holland ----- - 1,066 17 8

To Major General Nugent, for sundry D° of the 85th D % loft on Service in D° - 375 12 7

To General Tottenham, for Loss of Baggage, See. sustained by sundry Officers of the

55th D°, on Service in D° - -- - 141 18 —

To Major General Nugent, for D°, sustained by sundry D° of the 85th D#, on Service

.....373 *9 9

To the Marquis of Drogheda, for sundry Appointments, &c. of the 18th Regiment

of Dragoons, which were loft on Service in D® ----- - 217 9 6

To the Duke of Gloucester, for sundry Appointments, &c. of the tft Regiment of

Foot Guards, loft on Service in D® - ----- - 538 14 3

To the Duke of York, for sundry D° of the 2d Regiment of D°, loft on Service in D° 273 16 9

To Lieut. General Bertie, for sundry D® of the 9th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in D° - -- - - -- -- - 372 18 —

To Lieut. General Garth, - for sundry D° of the 17th D , loft on Service in D® - 150 10 2

To General Maflcy, - - - - for sundry D® of the 27th D°, loft on Service in D® - 199 1 9

To Major General Forbes, - for sundry D® of the 29th D°, loft on Service in D° - 170 5 3

To Lord Mulgrave, - - - - for sundry D° of the 31st D°, loft on Service in D° - 241 18 11

To Lieut. General Norton, - for sundry D° of the 56th D°, loft on Service in D° - 175 .9 5

To Lieut. General Cuyler, - for sundry D° of the 69th D°, loft on Service in D° - 76 4 7

To the Marquis of Huntley, for sundry D° of the 92d D#, loft on Service in D° - 315 3 1

To Lord A. Gordon, for sundry D° of the ift Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in D® 173 — 6

To Lieut. General Clarke, for sundry D° of the 5th D°, loft on Service in D® - 141 15 11

To Lord A. Gordon, for Loss of Horses and Baggage, sustained by sundry Officers of

the 1 ft Regiment of Foot, on Service in D° - 182 16 *-»

To Lieut. General Clarke, for D§ of sundry D° of the 5th D°, on Service in D° - 123 19 —

To Alexr Campbell, Esq. for Loss of Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on his

Passage from Gibraltar, when Captain in the ift Regiment of Foot - - - 8j 3 —

To Lieut. Armstrong, of the 5th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D° on his Passage

from Halifax ---- - -- -- - 31 I —

To B. Chapman, Esq. Paymaster of the Somerset Fencibles, for Loss on Bills drawn from I erfey, for the Subsistence of the Regiment - - - 515 10 1

To the Earl of Balcarres, for sundry Appointments of the 63d Regiment of Foot,

which were loft on Service in Holland - -- -- - 204 19 —

To the Marquis of Lothian, for sundry D®, of the nth Regiment of Dragoons, loft

on Service in D° ----- - ----- 305 17 3

To D®, for Loss of Horses and Baggage of sundry Officers of D^ Regiment, on

Service in D* - - - - 73 17 —

To the Duke of York, for Losses of sundry Officers of the 2d Regiment of Foot

Guard*, sustained on board the Thetis Tran (port - - - 93 14 — -

To M. G. Wilford, for Horses delivered up by sundry Persons, late of the York

Hussars, to the Barrack Department, in 1796 ----- -- to8 3 —

T0 the Representativrs of Lieut. Col. Sanford, for replacing Appointments of the

20th Regiment of Dragoons, loft in Action in Jamaica, in 1795 - 143 8 11

To General Rowley, for replacing sundry Accoutrements of the 3d Battalion of the

60th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in St. Vincent's - - - 182 8 —

To Cantain T. Dale, of the 4th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage on his

Passage from Quebec - -- 63 3 —

To Captain J. D. Homdon, of D° Regiment, for Loss of D®, on his Passage from D3 - -- -- 42 2 —

To Captain Winchley, of D° Regiment, for Loss of D®, on D® - - - - 42 2 —

To Ensign Grehan, of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage when taken by the Enemy at St. Domingo - -- 32 2 — »

To Richard Barry, Esq. for Loss of Horses, Baggage, &c. sustained by sundry General

and Staff Officers, on Service in Holland - - - - 889 13 8

To Col. Pollen, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of his Regiment of Fendbles,

by a Fire at their Barracks in Nova Scotia - -- -- 96 66

To Meftrs. Hopkinfons, for Losses, kc. incurred by sundry Officers, in fitting the m*

selves to proceed to Syria, to instruct the Turkish Army ----- 1,798 I —

To Col. Gammell, of the late 91st Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage by the

Wreck of the Weymouth Transport - -- -- - 103 3 —

To Lieut. Col. Brisbane, of the 69th Regiment of Foot, for X*o(s of D°> on his

Passage from the West Indies - -- J03 3 —

To Capt. Sir G. Richardson, of the 37th D®, for Loss of D®, when taken by the

Enemy - -- -- 83 3 —

To Lieut. Peebles, of the 9th D°, for Loss of D®, when taken by D® - - 47 2 —

To Ensign Bungay, of the 69th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D®, on his Passage

from the West Indies - - - ... - - - . 65 13 —

To Col, Edwards, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of the Cambrian Rangers 1,225 — "

Carried forward £. 26,197 — 11

£. s. d.

1,967,791 16 6

Appendix,

(No. 15*)

20 Februariiy continued'

1,967,791 16 6

Appendix

A. 1801

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

20 Februarii,

continued.

1 j

7H

Dates of Payments.

1801. August 6 th.

17th.

September I ft. Ilth.

17 th.

November 4th.

November 12th.

January 15th.

12th. 15th. May 14th.

March 18th. August 8th.

September 16 th.

1800. December 31st.

1801. January 16th.

February 9th.

11th.

18th.

March 18th.

April 18 th.

3o:h.

May 6th.

1 ith. 22d. June 2d.

3d.

Brought forward

£ *>'97 — >«

£' s. '>967,791 16 6

To Assistant Surgeon Pearce, for Loss of Baggage on his Passage from Halifax -To Lord Dorchester, for sundry Appointments of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, which were loft on Service in Holland ——

To Lord Dorchester, for Loss of Horses sustained by sundry Officers of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, on Service in Holland ——

To Mrs. F. Henderson, Widow of Adjutant Henderson, of the 92d Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage, £cc. on his Passage from Corflca -To Capt. Apthorpe, of the 20th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of D°, on the Expedition to Holland ——

To^Lieut. John Davitts, of the 42d D°, for Loss of D®, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage to Minorca -

To Mr. Window, for Loss of Baggage of Hospital-Mate Heir, on his Passage to Gibraltar ——

To the Duke of ChoifeuI, as an Indemnification for his Losses of Field Equipage, Horses, Plate, Jewels, Money, Arms, and Regimentals, in consequence of being shipwrecked, and subsequent Imprisonment in France -

41 1 —

.*03 6 5

7613 —

95 —

31 —

41 1 —

53 3 —

l,;oo — —

To Mr. Window, to enable him to pay Contingent Dilhurfements for Hospitals, Sec. -To George Gamier, Esq. Apothecary General, for Medicines, &c. delivered for the Use of the Forces ——

On Account of Pay and Contingent Expences of the Commander in Chief's Office,

for One Year, to Michaelmas 1801 ----- -- -£.4,000 — —

To complete the Contingent Expences of D° Office, to 24th December 1799 - 1,616 17 3

On Account of the Contingent Expences of the Adjutant General's Office, for One

Year, to Michaelmas 1801- - - - £. 910 — —

To Colonel H. Calvert, for his Contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutant General,

from 25th June to 24th December 1798 78 3 —

To L. G. Dundas, for his D°, as Quarter Master General, from 25th December

1799 to 24th June 1800 - 234 4 —

To Lieut. Col. Paterson, for Extra Expences as Assistant Quarter Master General,

from 23 th June to 24th December 1799 - 164 176

To D®, for L>°, from 25th December 1799 to 24th June 1800 - 105 6 —

To sundry General Officers, Sec. for the Extra Expences of themselves and other Officers under their Command, for House Rent, Forage, &c. ——

On Account of the Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the Foot Guards, to 24th January 1802 ——

To William Gorton, Esq. for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Foot

Guards on Duty at St. James's, &c. from 25th March to 24th September 1800 - £. 4,237 11 6

To D°, for an Additional Allowance for providing D° Table, from Lady Day 1799

to D° - - - - 1,225 — 3

TovD°, for additional Duties on Wine for D°, to 24th March 1801 - - - 154 4 —

To D°, for providing a Table for the above Officers, from 25 th September 1800 to

24th March 1801 - -- 4,573 7 7

28,238 6 4 58,000 — —

90,000 — —

5,616 17 3

988 3

504 7 6

*5>293 l7 3 19,905 10 6

10,190 3 4

To Mr. R. Barry, for Contingent Expences of a Eoard, appointed to investigate Claims for Losses sustained in Holland, in 1799 ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertizing Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, from 26th July to 27th September 1800 ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertizing Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, between 10th October and 20th December 1800 -

To Joseph White, Esq. to be by him paid over to Mr. Moses Greetham, junior, for transacting Law Business relative to the Army -

To Mcflrs. Bernard and Brookfbank, on Account of Pay of the Out Penfloners assembled at the Examination, and of the Expences attending the same ——

To 1 homas Rice, Esq. Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs to the Horse and Foot Guards, for One Year, to 31st December 1799 ——

To the Rev. John Gamble, for Expences incurred in the Construction and Erection of Telegraphs -To L. Morse, Esq. for the Charge of Printing, Sec. Lists of the Army, for the Years 1797 and 179s....

To D° for D°, for the Year 1799 - -r- ——

To the Representatives of the late John Powell, Esq. Agent and Solicitor to the Invalids, for the Contingent Diffiurlemems of the said Corps, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 To D° for D°, from 25 th December 1779 to 241^ June *780- - -

To D° for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 ——

To D° for D°, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - r -

To D° for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 r ....

To I> for D°, from 25th December 1781 1024th June 1782 - -

To D° for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 ——

To Sir C. Morgan, Baronet, for Rent of the Premises occupied by him in lien of his Apartments at the Horse Guards, for the Year 1799 ——

To A. Singleton, for his Annual Allowance as Lieut. Governor of Languard Fort, in lieu of Emoluments, for 1800 - - - - , -

Ter E. Coleman, Esq. Veterinary Surgeon General, for travelling and other Expences To Nathaniel Taylor, Esq. for Brass Guns, furnished for a Special Service -

To J. Downes, for advertizing Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, from 10th January to 14th March 1801 -

To the Representatives of Lieut. Col. Sand ford, for Expences in the Alteration of Accoutrements, Scc. of the 20th Regiment of Dragoons - -

Carried forward £.

204 18 I

111 13 II

127 6 6

00 to 5 10

1,000 —

5,101 9 4

898 19 6

964 5 —

l, Il8 »7 — *

1,044 18 11

417 9 9

4°5 9 6

508 2 1

562 *4 11

422 4 3

448 5

345 5 —

63 3 —

210 18 3

1,360 l7 9

119 16 —

n 7 18 1

*,222,47© >9 4

.2 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Dates of Payments.

1801. June 9th.

lid.

26th. 27th. Julj nth.

aid. August 22d.

September 2d.

26 th.

0cl n her 12 th. 13th.

November 9 th. 30th.

December 3d.

7th.

18th.

Brought forward

To Samuel Pettew, Esq. for Expences in landing, guarding, and flapping 54. Cafes of Dollars9 at Falmouth ....

To John Bennett, Surgeon to the Garrison of Edinburgh* for Medicines, See. for the Invalids, from 28th March 1794 to 24th December 1799 ....

To the Rev. James Hodgson, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, to 24th December 1800 -

To T. Rice, Esq. Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the Foot Guard Rooms, Ac* in the Year 1799 - -- -- ....

To Meftrs. Bernard and Co. for the Balance of an Account of Contingent Disbursements of the Invalids, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1798 ——

To Col. Yorke, for the Half-Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant, and other Officers, of the Tower, to 24th December 1800 ——

To L. Morse, Esq. for carrying on, for One Year, to Midsummer 1801, a Progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army ——

To Wm Pollock, Esq. to pay the Fees on the Creation of Sir Charles Grey, as a Baron

To D®, to pay the Fees on the Investiture of Lieut. General Hutchinson, as Knight of the Bath -

To D®, to pay the Fees on the Investiture of Lieut. General Trigge, as D° -

To L. Morse, Esq. for Printing and other Charges attending the Publication of the Army Lifts for 1800 ——

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertizing Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, from 4th April to 27th June 1801 ——

To Meftrs. Carletons, for Interest on their Demand, for Expences incurred as Agents to the Embarkation Service in Ireland ——

To John Turnbull, Esq. for various Articles for a Secret Military Expedition . - -

To A. Newland, Esq. for Interest to the Governor and Company of the Bank, on Money advanced by them for Foreign Gold Coin purchased for His Majesty's Service -

To D°, for D®, due to D % on Money advanced for Dollars purchased for D®

To Monsieur de Bong Ion, an Emigrant Officer of Engineers, for Expences incurred daring his Detention at Portsmouth ——

To J. White, Esq. for transacting Law Business relative to the Army, from November 1797 to September 1801 ——

To Mellrs. Cox and Co. on Account of Hospital Expences of the 41st Foot -

To Mr. J. Downes, for advertizing Deserters in The Hue-and-Cry and Police Gazette, from 18th July to 19th September 1801....

On Account of the Charge of the several Black Corps, for Service is the West Indies in s8oi

For the Extra Allowance to the Troops, on Account of the high Price of Bread and Meat -

7*5

£. d. Appendix

*,222,470 19 4 (No. 15.)

68 4 6 2° Fe bruar continued/*

*3 $4 6

1 42 2 -»

3,643 16 2

2,269 *5 "*

SIS 4 — a

I03 j — 453 ~ 389 13 2 -

432 10 8

i,339 1° —

154 3

929 18 9 10,000 — — *

2,238 14 6

1'1 5 9

96 1 —

*4+3 4 983 3 6

iif - a 56,668 — 8 *94,694 ——

2,500,000 ——

Pay-Office, Ho*fe Guards, 1 id February 1802. J

P. George Cranfurd>

Accountant General.

Aw ACC O'U N T of tl.e Extraordinary Expences of the Army; incurred and paid by the Right honourable (b£ Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1801, and not provided for by Parliament.

To Bi'ls of Exchange, drawn by Henry Motzt Esq. Commiftary General in the Mediterranean, for Public Services ----- ----- ----- £ 37*,4*8

To D°, drawn by Alcxr Fernandes, Assistant Commiftary General in D®, for D® - - 220,970

To D°, drawn by George Burgman, Deputy Commiftary General in D°, for D° - *56'45*

To D®, drawn by John Wood, Deputy Commiftary General on the Continent, for D® - 260,000

To D®, drawn by Lord Miuto, Minister at Vienna, for D® - ' ZOO,l6»

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Elgin, Ambassador Extraordinary to the Sublime Porte, for D® «17-79*

To D®. drawn by John Glasfurd, Acting Commiftary General in the Windward and Leeward 4*o.37

£ 1.847,174

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, J _ n r j

id February 1802. J P* George Cratlfurd,

Accountant General.

VoL.

57-

2 V

Appendix

716

A. 1802,

* r -i*x, .0. 16.) Februarii.

NAVY-OFFICE, > Am ESTIMATE of the DEBT of Elis Majesty's N AV Y, on the Heads hereafter mentioned 27th January 1802. J a5 h stood on the ft December l8oI. '

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

NAVY:

Due

For Bill* payable at Ninety Days Date, for Naval Stores, Freight of Tenders, Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, &c. supplied for the Service of the Navy -

For Naval Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, F eight of Tenders, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1801: Also for several Bills of Exchange ——

For Wages to His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards^ for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf ——

For Wages to Men unpaid, on Books of Ships paid off -

For Wages to Seamen and Marines on board of Ships in Sea Pay -

VICTU ALLIN G;

As per Account received from those Commissioners; Viz.

For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date for Provisions, Stores, &c. - -

- - - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no bills were made out

on the 31st December 1801 -

- - For Necessary and Extra-Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

- - For Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

- - - For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's S', ips in Pay, and which

have been paid off ——

SICK, and WOUNDED;

A* per Account received from those Commissioners; Viz.

Due For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty's Sh;ps at the several Ports; Sick Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office - -.

Due

TRANSPORTS:

As per Account received from those Commissioners; Viz.

Due For Bills p^vable at Ninety Days Date for the Freight of Transports and Stores, and for Su'ufiiU. c, Cloathing, &c. of Prisoners of War in Health -

- - - For Freight of Transports, and for Stores supplied. Wages to Officers, and Contingencies: Also for Subsistence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1 Soi -

The Differ ence between the B a lance in the Treasurer's Hands, and the Sum received lium the Exchequer in the Year 1801, OUT of the SUPPLIES Granted for the Service of the Year 1802 ——

Particulars.

£ /. d.

1,429,123 18 1

1,012,322 3 11

45332s — —

172,845 16 1

432.942 *4 2

1.779.349 1 7

733."° *4 7

5 3,068 6 11

178,249 *4 4

44 433 1 3

34>i5° 4 4

300,288 8 3

1,115,910 l6 5

The DEBT of the NAVY amounts to Nine Million Seventy-three Thousand and Seventy 7 Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence One Farthing - - - - -3

- - c

s. d.

; 5>279*90* 13 10

) 1 >043,012 I 5

*53>/H £

1,416,199 4 8

7,89 4,844 8 5 1,178,226 7 5f

9,073,070 13 101

A. S. Hamond\ JVm. Rule.

H. Duncan. J. Henjlozv. B. Tucker.

W. Palmer. IF. Bellingham. H. Hannocd. S. Gambler.

Memorandum: - - There was remaining, in the Hands of the late and present TREASURERS of the NAVY, on the 3111 December 1801, in MONEY as undermentioned; and maybe reckoned towards Satisfying the aforesaid DEBT of the N A V Y.

On the HEADS of

In what TREASURER'S Hands. < Navy. Victualling. — - Sick and Wounded. Transports. TOTAL

£. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ . ' £ ' J-

Right Honb1' HENRY DUNDAS - - -1 ill Treasurerfiiip - j 1 A / y 116 11 3

5,326 9 — f 10 14 11 m m m 5453 15 3

Right HonUc CHA* TOWNSIIF.ND - - 2,982 5 10- 643 17 ij 3210 - 3.629 s 91

Right Hon"1* HENRY DUNDAS - - -2d Treasureriliip - J 3,428 9 9

3,054 17 111 373. 9 6 i — 2 3 \ *

Right Hon*1' CHARLES BRAGCE - - 575.353 " 51 93,637 12 6 t 36,526 13 8* 65,934 18 4 771,25216 —

£ 586,717 4 3* 94,771 10 5 36,540 13 8 J 65,934 18 4 783964 6 9i

RECEIVED from the Exchequer, in the Year 1801, O U T of the SUPPLIES granted 7 for the Service of the Year 1802 - J

ABATE,

The BALANCE in the Hands of the Treasurers ——

The AMOUNT Received out of the Supplies of the Year 1802, in the Year 1801, being 1

M.OR E than the Amount in the Hands of the Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st De- > £.

cember 1801, the Difference is A D D E D to the D E B T - - - - -J

£ ' d-1,962,190 14 3

783,964 6 9$

1,178,226 7 si

Aw ACCOUNT of the DISTRIBUTION of the MONEY granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. 2,000,000, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Append Ls:> -

(No. 17-)

2° Februarii.

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; as per Account of Particulars £.

presented herewith, - -- A.- - - - 1,000,000

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; as per Account of Particulars presented

herewith, - - B. -.....- 1,000,00o

£. 2,000,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1

2d February 1802. 3 , N. Fanfittart*

A.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £.1,000,000; being Part of the Sum of £.2,060,000, granted to tils Majesty, to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may requirePaid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

To Brook Watson, F.fq. Commissary General of Stores and Provisions, to enable him to provide the several Articles for the Use of the Forces that are to be supplied from his Department

To the Landgrave of Hesse CafTel, on Account of Pay, Subsidy, Sec. for his Troops employed in the Service of Great Britain, under Treaty, in the Years 1793* 1794, *795

To Count de Front, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, in Part Payment of Six Months Subsidy, to 25th April 1796 - -

To the Representatives of Cornwall Smalley, Esq. for the Payment of Bills passed upon Messrs. Thornton and Power, by Mr. Wickham -

To D°, - - - - to be applied on Accoupt of Subsidiary Corps on the Continent -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Wood, Deputy Commissary General on the Continent

£. 1 .1,000,000

Pay-Otfice, Horse Guards, 7

ill February 1802. j P* George Cranfurd,

Accountant General/

c

380.000

100.000

40,000

150.000

200.000 130,000

B.

NAVY-OFFICE, 1 An ACCOUNT, shewing how the MILLION, granted by Parliament in Aid of the Nx val 19th January 1802. j Supplies for the Service of the Year 1801, has been AppliedCalculated in the same Proportions

as the Seamen are voted.

Appropriated to the Navy, For Wear add Tear - - - Wages ----- - - - Victualling - - - - £. s. J. 444.444 8 274,074 1 7 281,481 9 7

Total - - £ 1,000,000 —

S. Hamond. S. Gambler4 F. J. Hartwell.

VOL. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

5* Februa.

A* ACCOUNT, Skewing how the MONIES, given for the Service of the Year 1801, have been Disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads; so far as relates to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain.

SERVICES.

... Navy: ——

For Wages of 120,000Men, including 22,696 Marines; for £. /. d.

Th*ee Lunar Months, commencing the ill Day of January 1801, at the Rate of £. 1. 17. per Man per Month - 666,000 — —

For Victuals for the said.120,000 Men, for the same Time, at

the Rate of £, 1. 18. per Man per Month - 684*000 — —

For Wear and Tear of Ships, for the same Time, at £. 3 per

Man per Month ..... i,o8o,oco — —

For the Ordinary Establishment of the Navy, for the fame

Time - 205,000 — —

For the Extraordinary EQablishment of D°, for the same Time 200,000 — —

For the Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for the fame

Time - -- 35,000 ——

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, same Time - - 475,000 — —

For Wages of 135,000 Men; including 30,000 Marines; for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of £. 1, 17. per Man per Month - 2,497,500 — —

For Victuals for the said 135,000 Men, for the same Time,

at the Rate of £, 1. 18. per Man per Month - - 2,565,000 — —

For Wear and Tear of Ships in which the said 135,000 Men , are to serve, for the same Time, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man per Month ..... 4,050,000 — —

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea

and Marine Officers, for the same Time ... 637,418 5 8

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done under the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary;

- for the same Time 733*900 — —

For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for the same Time 1,445*718 14 6

For the Care and Maintenance of Sick Prisoners of War, for the same Time - ----- -- 155,000 — —

SUM Voted or Granted,

SUM Paid,

£. s. d.

Orb it anci —

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 120,000 Men are to serve; for Three Lunar Months, commencing the First Day of January 1801, at the Rate of 5 /. per Man per Month ..... - £.90,000 — —

For the Charge of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Months of January, February, and March 1801

- 4 S7>°°° ——

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 135,000 Men are to serve; for Ten Lunar Months, commencing the 26th Day of March 1801, at the Rate of 5 /. per Man per Month -

337,500 ——

For the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, . for Nirte Months, from ill Day of April to 31st December 1801.....1,083,375 17

For defraying the Expencesjor Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1799 ——

For defraying D®, and not provided for by D° in 1800

39,972 15 — 58,706 14 —

—— Forces

For defraying the Charge of 58,528 Effeflive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; — from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days £. 562,055 — —

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving in Portugal, at Gibraltar, and in the Mediterranean, those staticncd at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales; from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days ... 501,486 — —

Borne forward

£. 1,063,54* — —

l5'i29>S37 " 2

*,066,555 6 7

17,496,092 6 9

*5>4*9'537 — 2

Remain* to be Paid.

/. d.

934,50° ——

1.13*055 6 7

16 364,037 — 2 \

1,131,055 6 7

V

SERVICE S — continued.

Brought forward

£.1,063,541 —

-Forces — continual.-

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry; from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March 1801, both inclusive, being 90 Days - 374»35° — —

For defraying the Charge of thelncreased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, in lieu of Small Beer; for the same Time ----- - 110,000 — —

For defraying the Cha'ge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, of Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks in Great Britain, and of Extra Feed for those in Quarter*; from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of March i>8oi, both inclusive, being 90 Days - 127,500 ——

For defraying the Charge of Volnnteer Corps of Cavalry and

t r ' ° r* ___r .1 r Vr*__

Infantry in Great Britain, for the same Time

- 145,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Matter General's Department, for the same Time - -

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the same Time -

For defraying the Chrrgeof 58,387 Etfeflive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, and in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alder-rev; including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Ncn-commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, 8cc.; the Charge of Clc.nhing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters; from the 25 th Day cf Mftch 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including tho'e serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; including, the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men; with the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, 8cc.; the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Al'owances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters; for the same Time ——

171,200 — —

150,000 — —

1,653,878 6 5

---- I

.....*>724.377 4

For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies cf Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from 25th December 1800 to 24'h December 1801, both inclusive, being 365 Days ----- 38,003 9 2

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting, and for Contingen-c es, of His Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Charge cf Extra Forage for the Cavalry, as well in Barracks as m Quarters, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days - 352,500 — —

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland calied Great Britain, and in Guernsey and Jersey; from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of December 1 So I, both inclusive, being 365 Days - - 86,522 6 8

For d fraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days - - 973,431 8 9

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied M.liti.i and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, lor the Year 1801 - 50,000 — —

for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Miliia of hat Part of the Unit?d Kingdom of Great Britain 2nd lrJar.J called Great Britain; for the Year 1801 - 122,667 1 3

SUM Voted or Granted.

£. d.

17,496,092 6 9

£. s. d. 16,364,037 — 2

Some fcrtVard - - £.7,142970 12 7 17,496,092 6 9

SUM Paid.

Remains to be Paid.

£. s. J. 1,132,055 6 7

Appendix,

(No. i8;)

50 Februariiy

continued.

J OJ V

12 Mi

:^t,

rr v«t

4*

VOL.

16.364,037 — 2

«x

M3*»°55 6 7.

Appendix.

d, i8ox.

Appendix, (So.iS.) 50 Februarii,

ecutinned.

SERVICE S — continued.

Brought forward - - £. 7# 14.2,970 12 7

SUM Voted or Granted.

£ * d,

17^96,09* 6 9

Force t — continued.-

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1800 to the 24th Day of December 180?, both inclusive, being 365 Days - .

For defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; viz. to the Paymaster General; to the Com-miflary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advccate General; and to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by die Pay mailer General; for the Year 1801 For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsidence, to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-comrr.iffioned Officers arid Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for Small Beer; from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; for the Year 1801

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to One Private Gen cleman of the T^o Troops of Horse Guards, reduced, and to One Superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horse Guards; for the Year 1801 -

On Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General; for the Year 1801 Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces; for the Year 1801 For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces; for the Year 1801 - - - * - -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital; for the Year 1801 ....

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of th* Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in chat Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; for the Year 1801 For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; from the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; from the 25th Day of March 180! to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days ——

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain; from the 23th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, bein£ 275 Days - - - - - *

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of His Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, confiding in the whole of 10,321 Effective (1,257 Invalids included); froni the 25th Day of March 1801 to the 24th Day of December following. Doth inclusive, being 275 Days -To defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain; for thejYear 1801 -

25,662 8 2

- 116,088 14 5

- 255,000 — —

- *38,979 7 j

to 1} 11

1,000 —

52,5*0 — —

7,500 ——

148,382 — 6

20,227 10 —

- 455,000 — —

293,929 ——

33*39* 4 S

- 656,388 8 6

2,500,000 ——

£ ' d-16,3642037 " 2

To enable His Majesty to afford such Assistance to the Queen of Portugal, may enable her Majesty to take such Meafores for the Defence of her Dominions against her Eneiiuei, as the Exigencies of Affairs may appear to require

To pay off and difeiarge Exchequer Biffs made out on the Credit of the Duties on Income, granited by an Act of the 39th Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty - j- - ‘ *-< ' -

To pay off and discharge the Exchequer llills made out on the Credit of the Duties on Goods Imported and Exported, granted by an Act made in the 38th Year of the Reign of |-|is present Majesty^.250,000 granted, but satisfied -

For paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Credit of the Aids or Supplied granted for the Service of j8qo

t f *

- ' ~~ ~ " Borne forward - £

SUM P«d*

Remains to be Paid.

£ ' J-1,132,055 6 7

12,117,039 18 7

300/900 — —

1,100,000 — —

235.79s ,0i

4,000/900 — —

35>?48/9*7 8 *1

12,117*039 *8 7

200,113 lS 4

1,100,000 — —

235,795 10J

4,000,000 — —

34,016,985 16 u|

99,886 4 i

*,*3*94* 11 3

42 Geo. III. Appendix. - 72t sssxs

SUM Voted or G rented. SUM Paid. Remain* to be Paid*

SERVICE S — «rw/fW. Brought forward ---£'. £ ' 55,248,927 8 i\ £. s. 34,016,985 16 ii£ £. s. d. 1,231,941 11 i

Append

(No. 18-)

50 Februat'i*

continued

To make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum, which has been iffbed pursuant to

D° -

- D

21,808 6 3 10,891 11 10

32,699 18 1

32,699 18 x

T O milce good the under-mentioned SUMS, which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's CIVIL LIST Revenues; that is to say:

To BcrnarJ Cohbe, Esquire, for Additional Allowances to Clerks

in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts - - £.2,482 16 —

To N|itthew Martin, Esquire, towards carrying into Effect a P in for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis

To Edward Ogle, Esquire, for Expences incurred upon a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London -

To Tho* Brodie, Esquire, for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords ——

To Bernard Cobbc, Esquire, to discharge Fees on passing Public Accounts ——

To George Rose, Esquire, for Expences at the Parliament Office in Seth on 1800 ——

To Wrn. Chinnery, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, due in the Year 1800, over and above the

500 — — 253 12 7 Il6 16 — 3,500 ——

374 4 8

Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose

- 6,756 10 s

7,901

10

To D % to pay Bill* drawn on Account of D°, which became due in 1801

To James Wyatt, Esquire, to pay Artificers employed in various

Works about the Houses of Parliament - 2,000 — ~

To William Pollock, Esquire, to pay Fees on passing aCommission appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State of the Cold bath Fields Prison - - - - -175 32

To William Chinnery, Esquire, for Medicines sent to New South Wales ----- -- - 895 16 —

To the Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords - 2,701 9 —

Por Additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for Auditing

the Public Accounts ----- -- 827 12 —

To JoiVph White, Esquire, to enable him to complete the Purchase of ievera' old Houses for carrying on the Works at the New Marshalsea - -- 528 9 —

To Arthur Young, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Agriculture for Premiums to be paid for LfTays on breaking up of Grass Lands ----- ---- - 800 — —

29,8X3 19 2

29 & 13 *9 2

KOR dcfr.jinj the Charge of the CIVIL ESTABLISHMENTS

under mentioned; Vix.

Of the Province of Upper Canada in America; from ill January to 31st December 1801 -

D° - - - of Nova Scotia in America; from D° - - to Dtf -

D* - - of New Brunswick in America; from 24th June to D° -

Of the Island of Saint John in America, now called Prince Edward Island; from ill January to D° -

D# - of Cape Breton in America; from 24th June toD* -

D° - of Newfoundland in America; from 1 ft April to D°

Bahama Island? in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officer* out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame; from ill January to D° -

Bermudas or Somers Islands; from 24th June to D° - ♦

D* - - of Dominica; from ill January to D° - * - —

For New South Wales; from 10th October 1800 to D*

Sierra Leone; for One Year to D° - - - - *

Borne forward - -

7,950

5,915 5*913

2,420 10 10 2,420 10 10

i,9°o — — l>9co

957 16 937 16 — |

1,641 8 5 1,641 8 5

4,100 4,100 —

301 18 4J - - - - 301 18 4*

600 — 60O — —

7*i46 7,146 — —

4,000 — — 4,000

3S*348*373 *9 34*115*53° 9 1,232,843 9 7$

VOL. 57.

Appendix, (No. 18.) 5" Fcuruaru

€*itmmeJ.

Appendix. A. r 801.

S E R ICE S — continueti* SUM Voted or Cranted. SUM p,id. Remains to be Paid.

£ /. d. £ /. d. £ '

Brought forward - - - £. To be employed in repairing, imintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlcmenu on the Coail of Africa ----- -- To be advanced to the-Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in alibiing the said Company in 3S 348-373 19 1 20,000 34»>>5*53o 9 5} 20,000 1,232,843 9 7i

carrying on their Trade - -- For defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens; for the Year 1801 - For defraying the Extraordinary Expellees incurred for Prosecutions relating to the v^oin or thL Kingdom in the Year 1800 ----- - For defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaining 5,000 7,620 — — 2*270 18 2 7,620 — 2,270 l8 2 5,000 —

Convids at Home, for the Year 1801 - For defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the Home of Commons; for printing and delivering the Votes; and for printing Bils, Reports, and ether Papers, by Order of the House of 45>3i7 6 s 1 1 / 4 25»*95 4 3 20,122 2 2

Commons; for One Year, to 31 !l December 1801 - To difehar e the Probab'e Amount of Bills expelled during the Course of the prefenc Year i8ci, from or on Account of New South Wales, for the Expenditures or that Colony and Norfolk island, exclusive of the Estimate of 10,000 — — 7*631 16 10 2,368 3 2

their Civil Establishment - -; For defraying he Expences of the Commission under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, including the Salaries of the British Commissioners; for 2J,000 25,000

the Year 1801 For the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, certain Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American 3.550 1,756 i*794

Loyal ids; for the Year 1801 - ----- -- 268,772 233,772 35,000

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services; for the Year 1801 0 To make good the like Sum, which has been paid for Interest of Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act of the 39th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, M An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or 50,000 — — 37,440 2 6 ‘4 m >2,559 >7 6

*# Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1799 " - For paying IntereA on sundry Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts of the 39th and 39th and 40th Years of His present Majesty To make good the Sums paid for Discount on Prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1800 - To make good the Money paid to the Bank of England, for receiving Contributions to the Loan and Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1800 - To make good the Money paid to John Farhill, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission - To make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra 151*643 16 8 305,484 7 2 *77*3301810 *7*5*8 14 7 902 14 6 *S*»643 16 8 305,484 7 2 *77*33° *8 10 17,518 14 7 902 14 6

Trouble in miking out Exchequer Bills ----- -- To make good the like Sum paid to John Wilmot, Esq. for a Clerk employed on various Bufmefles and Reference! relative to American Claims 1,000 132 3 6 1,000 — — 3 2 3 6

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1801 To be applied in Support cf an Inffitution called The Veterinary College, for the Year 1801 - To be applied for the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for a Royal Military College, being the Sum that will probably be required for 3,000 1,500 3,000 1,500

the raid Service, in the Year 1801 ..... For defraying the Expences incurred and expected to be incurred on Account of certain rremifet at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the 30,000 *3.400 16,600 — —

Reception of the Children of Soldiers ----- -- To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - -- - Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trulls repoftd in them by Parliament For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1801 - To be applied, under such Regulations as His Majesty shall think fit, for the Purpose of laying in Stores of Herrings and other Fish, at convenient Places, 8,400 200,000 3»oco 5,000 200,000 — 3*000 5,000 8,400 — —

and of distributeing them for the Use of the different Parts of the Kingdom - To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require - -- - To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1799* at Lady Day 1801 - For Payment of American and East Florida Orders, made out pursuant to Acts »a8ni *nd 30th Geo. 111. - 50,000 2,000, C00 522,777 8 — 859 5 — 10,000 — 2,000,000 — 522,777 8 — 859 5 — 40,000 — —

39,264,453 M n 37.889,765 19 si 1,374687 12 si

payments

PAYMENTS for other Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year:

For Interest on Exchequer Bills raised per Ad 39 & 40 Geo. III. Cap. 69. - £.61,102 *3 2}

D® - - 3 H

I> - - ~ D° on Income Duty 4799 - \ - 58,176 5 11*

D° - - - D° - - 39 & 40 Geo. III. Cap. 102. - 73,240 — 8

D° - - - D® ----- --- - 103. - 141,780 16 5

D® - - - 64,005 8 7

D® - - - D® - . - - - 41 Geo. III. - - - 4* 2,643 4

D° - - - 37,596 16 ~6f

For Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the Office of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt

For the Purchase of One-Third Part of the Annuity of £. 19,000, payable to the Duke of Richmond, pursuant to Ad 39 & 40 Geo. lit. Cap. 43....

To the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills -

To the Bank of England, for Prompt Payments to Loan £.28,000,000 -D° - -- - to Lottery 1801 -

To the Bank of England, for receiving and paying Contributions to Loan £. 28,000,000 D® ----- - Subscriptions to Lottery 1801 - -

For Incidental Expences attending the Lottery 1801 - -

£.457,893 14 8 ' 620 13 11 - 22,562 3 4

1,000 — —

505,520 9 1

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

5" Februar,

continued.

2,865 15 —

144,611 2 —

500 ——

458,514 8 7 23,562 3 4 1,500 ——

1,137*073 18 —

WAYS and MEANS for Answering the foregoing SERVICES:

45. PER LIB. on PenGons, Office., See. ——

DUTY on Malt continued 1801 ——

MONIES reserved in the Exchequer for particular Services, since 10th May 1787 - -

O - - remaining in - - D* - - of Contribution, to Lotteries, granted prior to the Year 1799 -

SURPLUS of Grant. 1800. voted for 1801 -

D* - - - Grants to Elector of Bavaria -

I> - - - D* - to the Emperor of Germany - -

EXCHEQUER BILLS, per Aa 41 Geo. 11L Cap. 81. (Vote of Credit) ——

LOTTERY..... ——

LOAN, Part of £. 28,000,000 ----- ----- ---- (A.)

DUTIES on Goods Imported and Exported ——

INCOME DUTIES....

INTEREST on Land Tax Redeemed....

SURPLUS Consolidated fund....

' *

2.000. 000 — - — 750,000 — —

4,080 11 6{

8,280 16 n£

65*837 19 7*

65,671 4 —

433.333 6 9

2.000. 000 — ---

201,250 — -

25,500,000 — —

1,200,000 -

4,000,000 — —

50,000 — <

3,100,000 — -

Amount of SUMS Voted

39,378.453 18 10

39,264453 n 11

SURPLUS

114,000 6 11

The SUMS under mentioned, were also Granted in 1801, but were not for the Service of the Year:

(A.) £. 2,500,000* Part of £.28,000,000, were for the Service of Iuland.

6,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, were authorized to be raised by Act 41 Geo. III. Cap. 82. to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, raised per Acts 39 & 40 Geo. IIL Cap. 102. and 103. — »And,

3,000poo, in Exchequer Bills* were authorized to be raised by Ad 41 Geo. III. Cap. 83. to pay off the like Sum in the Possession of the Bank of England.

Mm. — The above Sum of £. 6,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, and £. 2,000,000, issued under the Authority of the Ad 41 Geo. IIL Cap. 8i. were funded, pursuant to Ad 42 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

To Satisfy the SUMS Unpaid, there Remains in the Excuiqueit* and to be Raised* as follow*:

In CONTRIBUTIQNS to Loam -DUTIES on Income ..... DUTIES on Goods Imported and Exported CONTRIBUTIONS to Lottery -INTEREST on Land Tax Redeemed -SURPLUS Consolidated Fund -

BY the Amount of Payments for Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year, if the same shall be made good by Parliament.....

DEDUCT the Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, charged upon the above Funds £. 6,614,300 — — DEDUCT also the Sum to be referred for Payment of the Prizes of Lottery 1801 - - 500,000 — —

Amount of S U M S remaining to be Paid - - - £.

SURPLUS . ~ -.....£.

£ /. d.

86,793 3 7 I

3,598,280 1 3 i

+84*78 1 7 i

171,256 11 1

24,706 3 9

3,100,000

7.465.9*4 1 4i

>.*37.073 18 —

'8,602,987 *9 4t

7,114,300 — —

1,488,68719 4*

1,374,687 12 Si

114,000 6 11

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers* 5th February 1802*

Joseph

8 Y

Vol. 57.

PP6 ' J As ACCOUNT of all PLACES FOR LIFE OR LIVES, whether held by PATENT or otherwise: — Specifying, the Dato (No. 19.) v of such Patents or other Instruments by which such Places are held; the Names of the Persons who hold the fame; and, the Salaries and Fees

5* Februarii 3 belonging the reto: — And also, a like ACCOUNT of all PATENTS of such Places granted to any Person or Persons IN REVERSION.

DESCRIPTION of OFFICES.

CUSTOMS.

Collector Costoms Inwards Surveyor General ... Comptroller Inwards and, ) Outwards - - - J Surveyor of Sobfidies and )

Petty Castoms - - J Comptroller of Cloth and Petty,) Coioms Inwards and Outwards j Register General of all Trading belonging to Great Britain Rerifter of Seizures Collector Outwards

London

London

London

London

London Ships

*} London

Comptroller General -

Inspector of Profecntkms in the Court 1 of Exchequer - s - - J

EXCISE.

Regiller

Auditor

How Appointed.

Patent, for Life

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto

- - Ditto TreasuryWarrant

Patent, for Life -

for Life Ditto -

25 February 1748. 2 November 1772.

SECRETARY or STATE — HOME DEPARTMENT.

Secretary and Clerk of 7 In thelfland of*)

the Inrolments - - J Jamaica - J

Regiller in Chancery -Receiver General -

Clerk of the Navy OfHce Provo ft Marshal -Clerk of the Markets -

Secretary 4r Clerk of the Courts, Barbadoes Provost Marshal - -

Secretary and Clerk of the Crown,) _ Leeward 1 (lands - - - J

Provost Marshal - .

Keeper of State Papers

Clerks of the Signet -

SECRETARY of STATE —

FOREIGN DEPARTMENT.

Collector and Transmitter of State Papers [patent

PRIVY SEAL OFFICE.

1 ft Clerk ..... ad ditto ....

Patent, for Life

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

3d ditto 4th ditto

LORD STEWARD'S DEPARTMENT.

Knight Marshal -

MINT.

Surveyor of Meltings and Clerk of the Irons

FIRST FRUITS OFFICE.

Comptroller -Receiver -

One of the AUDITORS of Land Revenue.

POST OFFICE.

Court Poll

WAR OFFICE.

Paymaster of Widows Pensions

Patents, for Life

Patent

Patent, for Life -

Patent -

Ditto -

Patent, for Lives

Patent, for Life -

- - Ditto -

DATES of PATENTS or

Other Instruments.

at April

3* J«iy -

26 August -16 December

29 June- -

30 August

14 October -13 September

1784. 1773 1778

>757

1750

>749

>779-

1788.

Peter Shaw -

Bryan Broughton -James Meller, for Grace the Duke J4aochester - -

10 March - 1800. Thomas Taylor

4 May - - 1763.

4 May - - 1763

24 August - 1776,

8 March - 1796. 4 May - - 1763, 16 January - 1782,

4 M*y - - 1763.

s Ju,y - - »76s

24 October - 1757, 4 May- - 1771

Thomas Ryder - -Richard Stonehewer

Cha‘ Wm Wyndham, Esq*

Percy Cha* Wyndham, Esq. Tho* Walley Partington, Esq. and his Heirs and Assigns during the Life of George Germaine, Esq. John King - - - - -Lord Bray brook e ... Geo. Sackville Sutherland,

Esq....

Percy Cha* Wyndham, Esq. Lord Ducie -

29 July - - 1799, December 1762. October- 1767. February 1782. January - 180J.

31 October]- 1795.

July - - 1758 May - 1776

February 1787. April - 1794.

17 November 1795.

18 March - 1791,

28 July - - 1768 16 March - 1782

14 July - - 1777.

24 March - 1761.

24 March - 1761.

NAMES

of

POSSESSORS.

Earl of Liverpool - -Earl of Chichester - -

Earl of Guildford - - -Lord Stawell - - -Lancelot Harrison - -

his T

"I

£. s. J.

736 13 4 500 ——

375 ——

320 — —

200 — —

500 — —

250 — —

276 13 4

The Feet of this Office, at well as the Salary, are appropriated by 3S O to III. Cap. 86, to the Use of thr Doke of Manchester, during hit Life, and afterwards to

Townshend Oswald, Esq.

John Lillingflon Pownall, Esq. and 'for the Life of his Brother Sir Geo. Pownall - - - -John Bruce, Esq. - - -James Rivers, Esq. *

John Tirrel Morin, Esq. William Frazer, Esq. - -Brook Tay lor, Esq.

Charles Goddard -

Richard Grenville -Jacob Reynardson -

James Macdonald -John Henry Carles

Sir Ja* Bland Burgefe, Bar*

Hon* Spencer Perceval

Lord Walsingham John Bacon - -

Wm Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper, jointly and severally

Henry Penton

Honb:# Lieu1 General Fox -

SALARIES.

FEES.

£ ' '_______

*.09416 6(|

997 17 11] 1*1! ! / 0 3 , E

92713

905 7 — [< 2 o t 8

None.

To whom IN REVERSION.

1,000 — —

2,000 — —

296

561

5 — 5 —

U O I ► *- u

O

JO rn ^*

O

*i c c

s ?

g c-gO O — c m

v >* O "

) t °-3 §

Z jz <*.

'Z £ ~ o *5 JO *. H % i* o g

Ji O V H

500 — —

1

500 — —

200

200

200

200

5OO — —

II9 ——

i5o ----- -I

120 — — 3

S 9 5

20/. per Day.

None.

1,694 4 6 At per Appendix to 14th Report of

[Commissioners of Public Accounts.

LordFrederick Mon-tagu, as per cth Section of that Ad.

John Robinson and Henry Nevill(now hEarl of Abergavenny) and the

None. Survivor‘

None.

None.

273 ----- --7

273 ----- -L

273 — c

273 ----- J

None.

Vide Finance Report, N° 13. P. 9.

including Feet - -

1,067 —

Go

To John James King^ 27 January 1798.

Thomas Carter, August 1801.

W. H. E. Bentinck, Esq.on the Decease of either of the Four Clerks.

Charles Moetoliee Burgess.

To the Survivor.

To John Pownal, hit

Executors, Admimf* triton, and A flight, for the Life of the Honourable Chxrfes

k/uL IiV- February

1 - ;i.

DESCRIPTION of OFFICES.

Auditor of the Plantations -Treasurer's Remembrancer -Remitter of His Majesty's Royal Courts^ ot Delegates and Appeals in all Causes > Etclelialiical and Maritime - -J Register of the High Court of Admiralty,) of England - - - - J

Receiver General of the Issues, &c. of all the Honours, Calllcs, Ac. in the J Counties ot Glamorgan, Monmouth, &c. and in the Town and County of the Town of Haierfordwelt, &c.

Con liable and Keener of Gloucester Castle Clerk, of the Houic of Commons -

Writer and Compiler of the LondonGazett Reader of Medicine at Oxford Recorder of the Borough of Leeds Clerk of the Parliaments Receiver General of all and Angular the JAucs, Sec. ot all the Honours, Castles, Sec. within the Counties of Hi lex, Hertford, Middlesex, Norfolk, Huntingdon, and City of London -Clerk of the Pells

How Appointed

DATES of PATENTS or.

Other Instruments.

Patent, for Life

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Tellers of the Exchequer -

1

Keeper of His Majesty's Palace at Well- 7 minller - - - J

Professor of the Civil Law in the Uni- 7 verflty of Oxford - - - - 3

Chief Justice in Eyre, North of Trent -Governor of the Hie of Wight Serjeant Surgeon in Ordinary

Chamberlains of the Exchequer - |

Conllab'e of Dover Cnflle, and Lord 7 Warden of the Cinque Ports - -3

Profcllor of Botany at Cambridge -Keeper of the Little Park at WinJfor Auditor of the h xchcauer Reader of Physic at Cambridge Steward of Lordship and Manors of) Bromheld and Yale - - -J

Reader of Civil Law at Cambridge Professor of Botany at Oxford Knight Harbinger -

Rlaller of the 1 emple -

Madrr Keeper of Bolderwood Walk, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton ..

Principal or Head Keeper of Iron Hill Walk, in the New Forest, in the ' County of Southampton -

Ringer of the New Lodge Walk, in the Forest of Windsor, in the County of Berks -

Warden and Keeper of the New Forest, 7 in the County of Southampton - J Keeper and Lieutenant of Windsor I Forest, in the County of Berks - 3

Keeper of Bagshot Park

King's Remembrancer -Bailiff of the Franchise and Liberty of) Richmond, in the County of York - \ Keeper of the origin*! ;>eal for the Coun- 7 ties of Denbigh and Montgomery - j Advocate General, llland of Jersey Chief Ju 11 ice in Eyre, South of Trent Procurator General of the Island of Jerfe Scaler to the Great Seal Keeper of Salcey Forest Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford - - - I

Mailer of the Hawks - - - '

Warden of Waltham Forest Chancellor of the Order of the Garter *

0

1

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto -

November 1751 17 July - -1754.

2 July - . - 1764. 2 July - - 1764.

11 September 1764

18 March - 1765 3 June - - 1768.

31 July - - 1770 4 November 1772. 23 August - 1776. February 1783.

5 June- - 1783

NAMES

of

POSSESSORS.

Honblc Rob1 Cholmondeley Sir Richard Heron -

Lord Arden -

- Ditto....

Honble Cha* James Fox -

Nicholas Hyett, Esq. John Hatfell - -

W® Frafer, Esq. William Vivian Samuel Buck, Esq. George Rose, Esq.

Walter King, Cltrk

SALARIES.

£ d-5OO —

66 15 5

FEES.

70 ——

- Ditto - 13 January - 1784.

Isaac Barre

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- - Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

2 May - - 1763.

18 August - 1760. 5 January - 1784. 22 August - 1786.

12 April - 1789

20 June

2 November

21 May - -

7 March

13 September '/July - -

11 October -

13 September 27 February

27 February 9 December

February

July - -

28 February

8 July- -3 May

- Ditto

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- - Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- - Ditto -

- D:tto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto -

19 June - - 1798

19 June - - 1798

1789.

1790.

1791. >79* 1779 *79*

*79*

*793

*794

*794

*794

1796

1796

*797

*797

1798

Marquis of Buckingham - 298

Earl Camden - - - I- 296

Lord Thurlow - - - - 2,700

Earl Bathurll - - - - 2,700

Margaret Quarme -

Tho* Francis Wenman, D.L.

lohn Charles Villiers -Lord Bolton - -

David Dundas, Esq. -Frederick North - -

Montagu Burgoyne

William Pitt -

Thomas Martyn - -

Richard Grenville - -

Lord Grenville - - -Isaac Pennington - -

Sir W. W. Wynn, Bart.

French Laurence - -George Williams - -

Henry Rycroft, Esq. -Thomas Rennell - -

f His Highness Prince Wil-\ liam Frederick, Son of I his Royal Highness the ^Duke of Gloucester.

{Her Highness Princefi SophiaMatilda, Daughter of his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester.

£ j- d-

*4* 8 4

Vide Finance Report, N° 27. P. 207.

1,043 6 1

Vide Finance Report, N°27» P. 253.

7,796 18 8

Vide Finance Report, N°Z7. P.252.

Yearly, and 20*. for the Carriage of every £.100 of the Money of^iii said Receipt, which amounted to about £.280 per Annum, as per 12th Report of Commissionen for Wood® and Forests.

IO — —

3 CO — — 40 ——

4° ——

3,000 — —

8,000 — — Yearly, as per Journal House of Commons, 13th May 1800.

3*300 ----- ----- ----- ---- j

Vide Finance Report, N° 15. P. 21.

570 ——

Vide Report, N° 12. of Commissioners of Woods and Forests.

- 9i f

_7 jiJ

— — 6 per Diem

40 ——

2,450 ——

— 13 6 a Day

396 13 4

4,100 — —

200 — — r

600 --- —

4,00 D — ---

4-° ——

20 — —

40 ——

200 — — 105 16 8

37 6 8

To whom IN REVERSION.

By the Act of 23 Geo. III. Cap. 82 Irwa* Enacted, That after the Death, Surrender, or Removal of eitherof the Four then Tellers, the Fees taken by them should cease, and in lieu thereof there should be paid to their Successors £. 2,700 each.

This Office waa granted to Lord Holland, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, duri ng the Lives of his ad and id Sons, Charles James Fox, and Henry Edward Fox, and the Survivor of them.

ohnLey, by Patent dated July 1797-

Geo . Henry Rose, by Patent, in Odo-ber1795.

94

8 —

735 16 6

735 16 6 Vide Finance Report, N° 5, P. 55.

19 June - - 1798.I

20 June - - 1798.

20 June - - 1798-

9 August - 1798.

7 November 1798. March - *799

25 April - 1800

iS June - - i8co. 13 August - 1800. 20 January - 1801 13 February 1801 February 1801

23 May - - 1801

24 August - 1801,

Perpetuities -

Duke of Gloucester.

D° - D*

f His Highness Prince Wil-J liam Frederick, Son of j his Royal Highness said (_Duke of Gloucester. Thomas Steele - -

Duke of Leeds - -

Thomas Meredith -

Joshua Pyron, Esq. - -Thomas Grenville - -

John Dumarefq, Esq. - -

Robert Hand - -

Viscount Ipswich -

Joseph Bullock - -

Sir Chrisr Pegge, Knight -

Duke of Saint Albans Sir Jas Tylney Long, Bart. Bishop of Sarum -

6 8

50 6 4 — 16 8

3,466 13 4

83 6 8

40 ——

—— 12 6 per Diem

4° ——

L34* ——

276 ——

57° 5 "

870 13 1

Vide Finance Report, N°27. P. 231

293 6

4f

One to W. F. E. Eden, by Patent, dated 31 July 1790.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 February 2d, 1802. J

In Addition to the Graces mentioned in this Account, there are many others held for Life or Lives, by various Tenures, under the Courts of Law at Westminster, and Courts of Great Session for Wales, which arc fully detailed in the 27th Report of the Finance Committee.

N. Vanjittart.

Appendix, Ah ACCOUNT of all PLACES FOR LIFE OR LIVES IN SCOTLAND, whether by PATENT or otherwise: — (No 19,) f Specifying, the Dates of such Patents or other Instruments, by which such Places arc held; the Names of the Persons who hold the fame;

50 Februarii\ J and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto: And also, a like Account of all PATENTS of such Places granted to any Person or

continued.

Persons IN REVERSION.

lDATES of patents

DESCRIPTION of OFFICES. How Appointed. or NAMES of POSSESSORS. SALARIES. FEES.

Other Instruments. '

£. s. d.

Keeper of the Privy Seal . - Patent, for Life - 27th May - 1800 Henry Dundas, Esq. - 3, GOO —

Lord Clerk Register - - - ~ j Patent, during Pleasure Privy Seal, during Life 2d Novr - iy68( 22d April - 1777] Frederick Campbell, Esq. 1,200 — —

Lord President of the Court of Session - * Royal Sign Manual, for Life 26th October 1789 Hay Campbell, Esq. - 3,000 — —

D 8th Febry - 1776 David Ross, of Ankcrvile, Esq. 1,200 — —

D° - - - . - 6th Septr - 1782 David Rae, of Erlkgrove, Esq. 1,200 —

Do 27th Febr/ - 1786 William Nairn, of Dunfmnan, Esq. 1,200 — —

Do 13th Deer - 1792 William Craig, Esq. - 1,700

D° 23d Septr - 1793- William Baillie, of PoJkcmer, Esq. 1,200

D° 24th Septr - 1793 David Smith, of Methven, Esq. -Sir William Miller, of Glenlee, I 1,200 —

D° 8th May - 1795 J Bart. - - - - 3 1,200 — —

Lords of Session - - - - I D®,) 25th Feb* - 1796^ Allan McConochie, of Meadow- 1 bank, Esq. - - - 3 1,200 —

D° 6th July - 1796 Robert Cullen, Esq. - 1,200 —

D« 5th Jan'/ r 1797 Will01 Honyman, of Armadale, Esq. 1,200

D° - . - 4th May 1799 s Will® McLeod Bannatyne, of) Bannatyne, Esq. - - - 3 1,200 —

D° - 14th June - 1799 Claud Boswell, of Balmuto, Esq. - 1,200 — —

D° 4th July - 1799 George Ferguflon, of Hcrmand, Esq. 1,200 — —

D° - - - - One Vacant I,2CO —

Clerk to His Majesty's Process before the Session Royal Sign Manual, for Life 18th May - 1799 John Pringle, Esq. - 40

Writer of Homings Privy Seal, during Life - i8thjuly - 1787 William Riddell, Esq. 50

Keeper of the Register of Hornings - Patent, during Life 6th Novr - 1789 James Newbigging, Esq. - 20 — —

f Privy Seal, during Life - 2d June - 1782 Robert Moffatt > IO — ——

Macers of Session - - - < Privy Seal, during Life - 28th Augoft 1793 Thomas Brodie ... 10

I D° - 2d June - 1795 John Ritchie - 10 —

Lord Justice General - Patent, during Life 14th Jannr - 1795 James Duke of Montrose - 2,000 — —

Lord Juliice Clerk - D° 24th May - 1799 David Rae, of Erlkgrove, Esq. - 1,200 — —

Royal Sign Manual, for Life 14th Deer - 1792 William Naim, of Dunfinnan, Esq. ^OO —

D° 3id March- 179$ William Craig, Esq. - 5OO —

Lords of Justiciary - - -1 5th Febr/ - 1796 David Smith, of Me;liven, Esq. - 500

D° - 2id June - 1799 Robert Cullen, Esq. - 5OO — — i

to D° 22d June - 1799^ William Honyman, of Armadale,) Esq- \ JOO —

Clerk of Judiciary - - - Com' for Life, by Lord Justice 7 Clerk, and Tres' Warr* - J 16th May - 1795 Robert Dundas McQueen, Esq. - 200 — —

C Com* Lord J. Clerk andl

His Depute ... - Clerk of Judiciary, for Life, > and Tres' Wari1 - - J - - Vacant. - - - IS0

r Com' Lord Justice General, 1 Andrew Murifon.

and Treasury Warrant, for > Life - -I 16th Augud 1760 30

Macers of Judiciary D° D* - 2 x d July - 1767 nth March 1789 John Grant -Alexander McDougal 0 O 1 1 1 1

] Com' Magistrates of Edinr, 7

and Tres* Warr*, during > 14th March 1794 John Whittet - - - 4 3 4

I Life . - . -) D° 2d March 1796 Edward Innes - 4-3 4

Dempfler of Judiciary - - D* 15th Augud 1778 John High - - 5

Lord Chief Baron of Exchequer Patent, during Life 7th May - 1801 Robert Dundas, Esq. 3,000 — —

The Person deputed by his Lordship to keep 7 D° - D* - - - - 100 — —

the Exchequer Seal - - - -)

f D« 20th Febx - 1776 Fletcher Norton, Ffq. 1,200 — —

Barons of Exchequer - - - - J Patent, during Life DJ 9th May - 1776 5th May - 1790 ' Sir John Dalrymple, Bart. Archibald Cockburn, Esq. 1,2CO 1,200 —

I D* 3idDccr - 1780 George Buchan Hepburn, Esq. - 1,200

His Majesty's Remembrancer - D° - - . - 31st July -1799 Sir Patrick Murray - 3OO

His Majesty's Treasurer Remembrancer - - Do 23d April - 1796 Archibald Ferrier - - - 200 —

Principal Auditor of Exchequer - Do 29th Jan*T . 1768 James Townsend Oswald, Esq. - 1,200 —

Clerks of the Pipe - 2id Augud 1795^ James Walker and John Archd 1 Murray, Esqrs. - -J 200 — —

Presenter of Signatures Privy Seal, during Life id June - 1797 James Montgomery, Esq. - 200 —

Examiner of Exchequer - - - - j Com* from Barons of Excheqr, 7 for Life, and Tresy Warr* j 3d Febrf 1801 Mr. Thomas Weir - 5°

Deputy Ushers of Exchequer - - - j Com' from Lord Bellenden, 7 for Life, and Tres* Warrr J 23d Deer - 1791 George and Patrick Walker 50

Doorkeepers - - - - j Com* from Dcpx Usher of Fx- 7 cheqT, for Life, and Ty Warr*,) 2d Augud 1781 William Veitch 30

D° 24th Novr - 1785 William Allan - 30

Keeper of the Regr of Seizins in the Shires 7 of EJitib, Scc. - - - J Patent, during Life 2id Deer - 1799 Robert Dundas, Esq. 2CO

Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland Patent, for Life - 3id Dccr - i8co Robert Hodihon Cay, Esq. 400 —

f Privy Seal, during Life 5th Augud 1774 Andrew Balfour, Esq. ICO — —

Commifurics of Edinburgh - . J Do D° 19th Dccr - 1791 5th July - 1799 George Wallace, Esq. John Anllruther, Esq. ICO IOO

I D° 24th Deer - 1800 Archibald Campbell, Esq. 100 —

To whom IN

REVERSION.

DESCRIPTION of OFFICES.

Dirc&or of the Chancell ary -Lyon King of Anns

Heralds

PnrfuivanU -

Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Aberdeen

D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D° - - -D* - - -D* - - -D° - - -jy - - -D - - -D° - - -D* - - -D° - - -D° - - -B° - - -D° - - -D° -

Trumpeters -

for Ayr for Argyle -for Berwick -for Banff -for Bute -

for Caithness and Sutherland -

for Dumfries -

for Dumbarton -

for Edinburgh -

for Elgin and Nairn

for Fife and Kinross

for Forfar -

for Inverness -

for Kincardine -

for Kirkcudbright

for Lanark -

for Linlithgow -

for Haddington -

for Orkney -

for Peebles

for Perth -

for Renfrew -!

for Roxburgh -

for Ross and Cromarty -

for Selkirk -

for Stirling and Clackmannan for Wigtown or Galloway -

His Majesty's Limner -

Hereditary Keeper of His Maj city's Palace: of } Holyrood House - - - ]

Under Keeper thereof - - - - -j

Porter thereof -

Professor of Botany in the University of Edinburgh His Majesty's Hiiloriographer -

How Appointed.

Patent, during Life

Patent, during Lives

Com' from the Lord Lyon,' for Life, arid Tres? Wan1 - 1

D° -

D° -

D° - -

D°....

Com* from the Lord Lyon, for Life, and Tres* Warr1 D° -D° -D° -D* -D° -

Royal Sign Manual, ad Vitam 1

aut Culpam D°

Dc D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D«

D°

Do Do Do D°

Do D°

D°

Do D°

Do Do Do Do Do Do

Privy Seal, daring Life -

'rivy Seal, during Life

-s

Hereditary -

Com' from Duke of Hamilton, ' for Life, and TresX Warr1 - ]

D°....

Privy Seal, duiing Life -

Patent, during Life

.Secretary to the Molt Ancient and Most Noble 7 I p.,

Order of the Thistle - - - - j

Usher to the said Noble Order - - - Royal Sign Manual, for Life* -

Dean thereof ----- - D° -

f ,hiM":JK*«« - -

Professor of Agronomy there - I Royal Sign Manual, during Life

Profefsr of Agronomy in the University of Glasgov Privy Seal, during Life -Chamberlain of the Lord ship of Fife and Straihern D° - during the King's Life

His Deputy -Chamberlain of Ettrich Forest More to his Deputy

D° -Patent, during Life D° -

DATES of PATENTS] or

Other Instruments.

17th Jany 26th May

20th March

20th July -19th Fcbr/ -29th Jan? -3 lit March *

1780

>796j

1765

1767

1795

1796 l80l

26th June -

5th Deer -I 5th Deer -<ph Jar/ -6th Febry -lit April -

18th Dccr -

16th Febr/-30th Deer -23d Septr -19th March 28th May -lOth August 30th Novr -23d Novr -16th Novr -17th Septr 17th June -1 ft May . 6th April -2d May -7th June -10th March 23d Septr -16th Febrx -6th May -21 ft April -23d Septr -22d March -13th Novr -$th August 16th Deer -18th April -1 ft Deer -

27th March 13th August 2id April -2iltDecr -1 2th Jan/ -14 th Septr -

8th July -

1782

1786

1790

*79'

1796

1796

*795

1793

1775

>793

NAMES »f POSSESSORS.

Sir James Erskine -

Robert Auriel Drummond Hay Earl of Kinoul - - -1

Thomas Husband -

Kenneth McKenzie -James Mitchdl -Robert Grant -Thomas Small -

One Vacant -

James Lawrie -

James Geddes -John Grieve -

Robert Thomson David Anderson Alexander Law

Alexander Moir, Esq.

Edward McCormick, Esq. -Robert Campbell, E'q.

John Swinton, Esq.

1794 I Jnmes Urquha-t, Esq.

1799

1782

1791 177* 1793

1783

1799

1769

1781

1783

1784 1797 *793 1762 1 So 1 1789

1793 1796 1780

*774

1799

*799

*794

177 5

1782 1784

1789

1786

1792

1773

12th June -

1 ith July -20th Deer -15th June -

21 It August

6th May -

27th Drcr -

12th June -

28th Septr -23d August 28th June -D1 - -3d March

1792

1792

1786

>793

>765

1800-

1791

1779

1785 x799 1775

1786

D" - -

SALARIES.

jjohn Jajnes Edmondflone, Esq. -James Traill, Esq. -Robert Craigir, Esq.

James Colquhoun, Esq. -James Clerk, Esq. - -

George Abercrornby, Esq.

Neil FergufTon, Esq.

Patrick Chalmers, Esq.

Simon Frafer, Esq. -Alexander Burnett, Esq. -Alexander Gordon, Esq. -Robert Hamilton, Esq.

David Home, Esq. -William Law, Esq. -William R?.e, Esq. -James Wolf Murray, Esq. Archibald Campbell, Esq. -John Connell, Esq. -William Oliver, Esq.

Donald McLeod, Esq.

Walter Scott, Esq. -David Williamson, Esq. -John Bushby Maitland

Joftph Rencagle -Nathaniel Gow -William Shepherd -Daniel Dewar - -

William Napier -

Alexander N ipier, Jun.

Thomas Sinclair Abercromby, Esq

Duke of Hamilton -

John Moore -

William Kennewie -

Doctor Dan1 Rutherford, Regius

Doctor John Gillies -

George Dempster, Esq.

Robert Quarme, Esq. -Archibald Davidson, Esq.

Doctor John Walker -

Doctor Robert Blair - Mr. William ?vlt*iklebam -John Crawfurd, Esq.

Mark Pringle, Esq.

£ ' <*

a5 ——

6 co — —

25 ——

25 ——

2 ——

2$ ——

25 ——

l6 I3

16 ?3 16 13 16 13 16 13 16 13

250 ——

250 —

300 —

200 —

200 —

200 — 25O —

25O —

200 --

5 CO -r-

200 --

250 --

200 —

3CO —

200 --

200 --

25O —

200 --

200 —

250 —

200 --

3OO --

200 — 200 —

300 — 200 —

2)0 --

200 --

FEES.

16 13 16 16 16 i5 16 16 j6 16 16 16

46 ——

50 ——

37 >5 6

50 ——

2C0 ——

3OO -

ICO ——

50 ——

70 ——

1:0 ——

50 ——

6co ——

co — —

COO -

To

I N „

AEVERilOtf.

His Son Lord Duplin, in Reversion.

This Account extracted from a Return from Scotland, dated 24th June 1801.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers July 2d 1801.

:V. Vunfit tart.

9

Vox,. g7.

8 Z

.ppendix. No. 20.)

Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.5,310,511. 9*. 9^. in One Year, from

Reduction of the

D"

The said Commissioners with the

To CASH Paid for the following Stock, purchased as the Ad directs:

Capital Stock.

JT. 685,000 ----- £.4 per Cent: Annuities Consolidated - -

44,840 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

2,854,306 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated ——

73,300 - - - Old South Sea Annuities ——

105,400 - - - New South Sea Annuities -

23,000 - - - £. 3 perCent. Annuities 1751-"

£3,785746.....- -

£ /. /.

579.484 7 6

1483 5 11 1,749,284 9 9 45, S»2 17 6 64,101 7 6

13,785 IS —

*453,7* 3 *

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

78,578 - - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities.....- £.46,943 5 4

70,726 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated 45,017 7 9

91,960 13 1

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

195,698 - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -184,345 Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

£4.315,093

-£.116,911 9 4

- "7,33718 4

Carried over - - £.

*3444917 *

*.779,93* 3"

Appendix (No. 20.) 8° Februarii

the 3d February 1801 to the 31st January 1802, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the National Debt.

Governor and Company of the Bank of England

C"

By CASH Received at sundry TimesViz.

From the Exchequer, being Quarterly Issues ——

- - - D° - - - being an additional I flue ——

- D* D

- - D° -

- - D° -

- - D» -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 18,291,184 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 T" - 2,232,000 New South Sea Anuuities - - - - D* -

585,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 - - - - D° -

- 11,807,388 Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - due 5th April 1801 -

2,835,000 Old South Sea Annuities - -- - D° -

- 507,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - ----- D* -

- 18,674,673 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 -

- 2,272,000 New South Sea Annuities - -- - D°-

- 595,000 £.3 perCent. Annuities 1751 - - - - D° -

- 13,701,710 Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - due 10th October 1801

- 2,855,000 Old South Sea Annuities - -- - D°- -

- 507,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - -- - D°-

- - - D° -

- - - D° -

- - - D° -

- D* -

- D° -

- -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for Three Years, before the 5th January 1801 - -

- - D# - - - being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between 5th January 1786 and 5th January!

1801; .....1745.....£-3*473 -

1746 ----- 7,069 IO — V

757 ----- 7,49° '7 6 '

778 231 13 —

779 ..... 7°4 *5 7

- - - D* - - - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th February 1792; viz.

For 99 Years.....£.48,515 2 41

96 Years ----- 6,365 12 — J

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuities 1777 - - -....

- ..

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. i per Cent, per Annum, towards

the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities - £.62.500 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 502,888 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 7,543 6 4

-- D°---« - 440,464 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5 th April 1801 - - 6,606 19 2

--- D0---- 543*330 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 - 8,149 l9 "

- -477,362 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801 - 7,160 8 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 perCent. per Annum towards the Redemption of £. 11,000,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities -.....£. 110,000 — —

2,750,000 £.4 per Cent. Annuities ----- -- 27,500 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11 j. 54/. per Cent, on £. 11,000,000 for 66 J Years - ....

£. 1,926,525. 12. 5. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,072,601 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January i8<

- 1,089,090 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1801 -

- . D° - - - - i9i 73,322 Consolidated £.3 perCent. Annuities, due 5 th July i8<

--- D0--- 1,185,263 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801

Carried over -

- 19*265 5 —

- 16,089 — 3

- 16,336 7 —

- *7*599 16 7

1 v| ^1 vj 00 18 10

1,000,000 — — 200,000 — —

274.367 15 2

33»48o ——

8*775 -

177,110 16 4

42,525 ——

10.140 — —

280,120 1 10

34,080 — — 8,925 —

205,52513 _ 42,825 ——

10.140 — —

26,857 6 5

18,969 16 1

54,880 14 4 25,000 — — .

2>453>722 3 2

91,960 13 1

*34>*W 7 8

2>779»932 3 i*

VOL. 57.

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. ao.) 6* Februa,

Continued.

/4>J,5»°93

DM ACCOUNT OF LOAN *795

Brought oVcr

302,333 - - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities -84,789 i Reduced Annuities Consolidated - *

£, s. d~

iBo,6i6 18 3

181,27* l 5

1802.

£ ' 2>779 932 3 < t

361,888 iy *

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 179^: 336,703 - - - Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - *

3*3.879 - - - Reduced Anniiities Consolidated ---*

- 201,1 jo 11 10

- *06,153 2 —

4°7'3°3 *3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £.7 ,560,000:

fc 16,483 i Consolidated £.3 per Cent Annuities -

113,214 - -; Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - - . *

- 69,588 9 2

7*.+2S 5 7

141,013 14 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17971

431,^60* - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 406,300 - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

457,638 14 8

258,614 19 7

516,253 14 3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £.14,500,000:

286,194- - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

276,262 ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated

*7°*97S o 7 17S.843 >7 6

346,818 18 1

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

73,061 ... Imperial £.3 perCent. Annuities >

sC* 7^^4*S71 " 1 Carried over

43,868 6 9

4)59?'°79 *» 4

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

731

Brought over

- £-

£ ' ' 2*779*93 2 3 ir

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

Prom the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, £. /. d.

towards the Redemption of £.18,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- 180,000 — —

6,000,000 £.4 perCent. Annuities - - - 60,000 — —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9 £ 6d. perCent. on £. 18,000,000 for

65 J Years - -- - - --.....- 12,83 5 — —

£. 1,609.897. 17. 1. £. 5 ner Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - - 16,098 19 6

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,460,529 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 21,907 18 8

--- D®---- 1,485 882 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1801 - - 22,288 4 7

1,616,133 Consolidated £.j per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 18o» - 24,241 19 10

- 1,634,457 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801 - 24,516 17 1

361,888 19 *

Appendix,

(No. 5tO*)

8° Febru/mt*

continue d-

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 21,595,800. £ 3 per Lent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - / - , - 215,958 — —

£.4,500,000 - D° - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - - - - 45,000 — —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. 6 d. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000.

for 64 i Years - - - V 1; 8,460 —

£.4,414,074. 4. 6. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - - 44,140 14 10

For (j Months Interest on £. 1,^92,394 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 . 20,885 18 2

- - - D® - - - 1,561,307 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1801 - - 23,419 12 1

- v- - - 1.565 608 Jonfolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 - 23,485 6 4

1,730,275 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due ioih October 1801 - 25,954 2 6

407,303 13 11

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £.7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the App opriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption ot £.8,934,200 £.3 per Cent. Annuities to be added to Consolidated £.3 er C nt. Annuities ----- ----- -- - 89,342 — —

£.1,859,6:50°-- to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- 18,596 5 —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/. 6,/. perCent. on £.7,500,000.

for 63 i Years - - - - 2,925 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £.441*9*9 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 6,628 15 8

-..D°--- - 503,851 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1801 - - 7,557 i> 3

..-D°--- - 501,870 Consolidated £. 3 -per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 - 7,528 l; —

-D®--- - 562,393 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801 - 8,435 *7 10

141*013 14 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.20,124,843. 15. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, 1797 -

£. 16.438,175. 5. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, funded from Navy and Victualling Bills -765427. ii. 6. £.4 per Cent. Annuities ----- D®

2,034,889. II. K. £.5 per C *nt. Annuities - ----- D°

1,999,699. 4. 4 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, funded from Exchequer Bills 104,432. 5. 8. £ 4 per Cent Annuities - . - - - D° - - - '

270,202. 4. 8. £.5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D® -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 1,520,700 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 1,558,238 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5 th April 1801 -

- - - D® - - - - 1,742,660 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 -

. - D° - - - 1,770,205 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801

201,248 8 7

164,381 15 —

7*bS4 5 6 20,348 17 10 19,996 19 ic 1,0+4 6 +

2.702 — 4

22,810 IO ---

23.373 *« 4 26,139 18 — 26,553 1 6

516,253 >4 3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797# for £.14,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.18,125,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

£. 7,250,000 D® - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

£.2,900,000 £.4 per Cent. Annuities ——

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. per Cent, on £. 14,500,000. for 62 4 Years ——

For 6 Months Interest on £.814,352 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - -- D®-.. - 978.233 Reduced A nnu ties Consolidated, due 5th April 1801

- . - D* . t 961,650 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801

- - - D® - - - 1,122,359 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801

181,250 — —

72,500 ——

29,000 — —

5,920 ——

12,215 5 7

14,673 9 10

14,424 15 — 16,835 7 8

346,818 18 1

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, bring the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300 Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - 36,693 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £.220,461 Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due ift November 1800 - 3.306 iS 3

- - - D® - - - - 257,895 - - - D° - - - due ift May 1801 - - 3,868 8 6

Carried or* - '- - £

Vol. 57. 9 A

43,868 6

4,597,079 11

9

Appendix,

(No. 20.)

8* Februa

ttuiimmd. t ----- v .»

£7*64,571

Brought over

£- '

- £

4»S97>®79 ««

d.

4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798, for £.9,000,000, Part of £. 17,000,000:

166,801 ... Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities ..... 99,647 16 11

168,550- - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated ..... 107 284 15 11

11 10

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

51,139. - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - . - - 50,551 4 4

49,258 ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated 31.35a 12 1

61,903 16 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1799, for £.4,500,000, Part of £.15,500,000:

69,952 ... Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities ----- -- 41,789 18 9

67,26a - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- -- 42,812 16 8

84,602 15 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1800, for £.7,000,000, Part of £20,500,000:

55,343 - - - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities 56,958 16 10

89,526 ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 56,983 16 11

113,942 ty 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1S01:

297,335 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- -- 123,025 — —

182,645 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated ----- -- - 123,025 — —

246,050 — —

£ 8,402,382

5,310,5 1 9 9

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

733

Brought over - - - £.

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798, for £. 9*oooo>oooo, Part of £. 17,000,000:

From the Exchequer, being the £. 1 perCent. Appropriation, for One Year, towards the Red* rap- £. s. /

tion of £. 13,500,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per 6ent.

Annuities - - . . - - . - - . 135,000 — —

£ 4,500,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annaities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 45,000 — —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4/. u/ per Cent* on £. 9,000/200,

for 61 J Years.....1,880 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £.230,671 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - 34.60 1 3

. D*- 484.193 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5 th April 1801 - - 7,262 17 10

-D0--- - 316,519 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annaities, due $th July 1801 - 4*747 *5 8

572,127 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, doe lodi October 2801 - 8,581 18 1

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent* per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,000,000. £.3 per Cent, Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£ 3 per Cent. Annaities *

£. 2,624,250 - - D# - -- -- - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

For 6 Months Interest on £.67,839 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, doe 5th January i*8ot - 94,863 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1801 - -

- - - D« . - 94,159 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annaities, doe 5th July 1801 -

*]>«- 120,561 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801

30/3Q0 — —

16,242 10 —

1,017 11 8

1,422 18 10 i*412 7 8 1,808 8 3

£. d. Appendix, 4*597>°79 11 4 (No. ao.)

8* Februarfty

206,932 la 10

61.903 16 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799. lot /.4,500,000, Part of 15,500.000:

From the Bzcheqoer, being the Appropriation for One Year. at the Rate of 1 per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £ 5,625,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - $6,250 — —

£. 2450^00 - - D* ----- ----- ----- -- to be added to Reduced Annuitiei Consolidated - 22,500 — —

For 6 Month* Interest on £. 62,497 Cocfolidited £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, dne 51b January 1801

97,049 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, doe 5th April 1801 ---- D* - -- - 98499 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1801 --- D®--- - 132,140 Redeced Annuities Consolidated, doe 10th October 1801

937 9 1 M5S >4 M77 9 8 1,982 2 —

84,602 15 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 18 00, for 7,000,000, Part of £. 20,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation (or One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 7,700,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annaities, to be added to Consolidated

£.3 per Cent. Annuities - 77,000 — — -

£.3,290,000 - - D* ----- ----- ----- --tobeadded to Reduced An*

nnities Consolidated - - - 32,900 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 42,426 Consolidated £. j per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1801 - - - D* - - - - 44,442 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due $th April i8ot

91497 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, dne 5th July 1801 - - - D* 91,148 Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1801 - -

636 7 9 666 i2 7

*»37* 9 1 .367 4 4

,3-94* 13

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN *801.

From the Exchequer, being die Appropriation for Half a Year, at the Rate of 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of£.35,000,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities - 175,000 — —

£ 14,210,000 - - D° ----- - . to be added to Reduced

Annuities Consolidated ... 71,050 — —

246,050 — —

5,3*°»511 v 9 9

VOL. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 20.)

8° Februarity

coutimtid\

By CASH Received, anc1 to be Applied in the Quarter between the ift. February and the iftAfay 18025 — Viz.

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly I flue -

- - - D° - - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which have expired; <urz.

' d' For 99 Years ----- --.....- 11,128 15 7-

96 Years ----- -- ----- -- 1,591 b —

For 6 Months interest on £.18,513,365 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 - -

- - D° 2,348,400 New South Sea Annuities - - - - DJ -

- - - D° - - - - 608,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 - - D° - -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for $ of a Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £.6,250 000 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 15,625 — —

For 6 Months interest on ----- £.581,466 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due

5 th January 1802 - -- -- - 8,721 19 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for { of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £^11,000,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - 27.500 — —

2,750,000 £.4 per Cent. Annuities - 6,875 ——

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11/. 5 d. per Cent, on

£.11,000,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, for 66 J Years - - - - 2,420 — — .

On - 1,926,525. 12 s. 10 d, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - -- -- - 4*816 6 3

For 6 Months interest on £. 1,268,299 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 19 024 9 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for \ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £ 18,000,000 £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 45,000 — —

£. 6,000,000 £.4 per Cent. Annuities - 15,000 — —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6d. per Cent, on

£.18,000,coo for 65 I Years -.....3,208 15 —

On - 1,609,897. 17/. id. £.5 per Cent. Annuities ----- --- 4.024 14 10}

For 6 Months interest on £.1,762,862 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 26,442 18 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN"i7y6:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for { of a Year, at the Rate of £. i per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £*21,595,800 £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to

Consolidated f. 3 per Cent. Annuities -£. 4,500,000 - - D° - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - -

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. 6d. per Cent, on

£.18,000,000 for 64 i Years....

On £. 4,414,074. 4/. 6 d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities ——

For 6 Months interest on£. 1,729,097 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 -

53,98910

11,250 — —

2,115 ——

11,035 3 8* 25,936 9 1

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN, 1796, for £.7,500,000.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.8,934,200 £.,3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 22,335 10 —

£. 1,859,625 - - D° ----- --- to be added to Reduced

Annuities Consolidated ... 4,649 1 3

On the Actual Value at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on

£.7,500,000 for 63 } Years..... 731 5 —

For 6 Months interest on £. 558,402 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 - 8,376 — 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for of a Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per Annum,

towards the Redemption of £.20,124,843.

16,438,175.

765>427-2,034,889.

Funded from Navy and Victualling Bills -

Funded from Bills

1,999,699.

104,432-

270,202.

15. — £.5 perCent. Annuities 1797

5. — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 11. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities 11. 1. £.5 per Cent. Annuities -

4. 4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

5. 8. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities

om Exchequer^*

For 6 Months interest on £. 1,951,960 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due jth January 180a

mm, 50,312 2 *?

41*095 8 9i

1.913 11 4*

5*087 4 Si

4*999 4 «i I

261 1 7

6 75 10 1

*9-79 8 —

Carried over - -

£ s.

250,000 — .__

} >3.7*0 3

277-7oo 9 6

,5,226 ——

9.120 — __

585,766 13 ,1

*4,346 19 9

J

60,635 15 11

93,676 8 s

104,3*6 9

36,091 »6 1®

133,6*3 11 4 1,038,467 8 3 i

t*>* H|*

Brought over ---

on Account of loan 1797, for £.14,500,000:

fcrom the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for $ of a Year, at the Rate of £. i perCent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,125,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Cpnfolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - .£*45*312 lo —

£. 7,250,000. - - D° - - - to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 18,125 — — £. 2,900,000. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities ----- 7>25° ~ "

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6 /. per Cent; on £. 14,500,000,

for 62 £ Years - -- -- - 1,480 — —

For 6 Months Interest on£. 1,100,546 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 16,508 3 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £ I per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 13,500,000. £. 3 per Lent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£.3 per Cent. Annuities - - - 33 750 — —

£. 4,500,000 - - D° - - to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 11,250 — —

On the Actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4/, 11 d. perCent. on £.9,000,000

for 61 % Years - - - i - - 720 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 397,472 Consolidated £, 3 per Cent* Annuities, due jth January 1802 5,962 1 7

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799:

From the Exchequer, being the A?propriat;on for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, toward* the Reuciupuon of £. 3,0:0,0^o. £. 3 per Lent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£.3 per Cent. Annuities - 7.500 " —

£. 2,624,250 - - D°--- to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 6,560 12 6

For 6 Months Interest on £. 118,978 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 1*784 13 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1799, for £.4,500,000, Part of £. 15,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for of a Year, at the Rate of £, 1 per Cent, per Annum, tow aids the Redemption of £. 5,625,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities ..... 14,062 10 —

£. 2,250,000 - - D° - - - to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 5,625 " —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 132,449 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 1,986 14 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1800, for£. 7,000,000, Part of £. 20,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for a J of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 7,700,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 19,250 — —

£.3,290,000 - - D° ----- ----- -to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 8,225 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 137,769 Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 2,066 10 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1801:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, toward* the Redemption of £. 35,000,000. £.3 perCent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 87,500 — —

£. 14,210,000 - - D®--to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 35,525 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 197,335 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1802 2,960 — 6

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300 Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - 9*73 5

For 6 Months Interest on £.294,916 Imperial £. 3 per Cent* Annuities, due ift November 1801 4,423 14 9

735 Appe11^1*'

£ s. d. (No. 2° )

1,038,467 8 3 8° Fet'*'}iayn~

continued-

88,675 13 9

51,682 i 7

15,84; s 10

21,674 4 8

29,541 10 8

i*5>98J — 6

13.596 19 9

1,385,468 5 — }

Park of England, 6th February 1802.

A. Nezvland,

Chief Cashier.

Vol. 57.

9 &

ppcndix, Xo. 21.)

FelruariL

16th Year. — The ANNUAL ACCOUNTS of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

59* Quarter - — - D'. Old Ann 3-P: Ct. Nbw Anni 1 3-P. Ct. Ann* 1751, 3-P. Ct.

|801. i6,h YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capita). Price. Sums Paid. Capital, Pricf. Sums Paid.

Febr 3. Quarterly Issue -99 and 96 Ann* In1 due 5 Jan* on Consols -D° - - d° - - New S° Sea D° d° - - An* 1751 -To Loans -To Imperial d# By Stock bought £ ' 250,000 — — 13,72° 3 7 274,367 15 2 33 480 8,775 628,162 6 4 12,480 3 3 - " \ f

4 D« ——

5 - D° - 6,000 sH 3,397 IO — 1,000 5 6* 566 5 —

6. - D" - - —

IO. - D" - 4,600 57* 2,627 IJ - —

II. - D" - - —

12. -I)0 ——

*7- - - — 9,000 S6| 5.096 s - - —

9- . D° - — 1 ——

20. - D5 - —

*5 - D» - — 11,000 SH 6,187 IO - —

26. - D» - — 4 . - ~ 4,000 55* 2,235

37- - Do - - —

Mar. 3. - D* - — - — . 6,000 55* 3,345 - - - - f

4* - D* ——

5- - D» - — - " — 2,000 55i I, II» 10 - —

6. - D* - — 2,300 S6i 1,296 12 6 ——

10. - D« - - —

11. - D* - - —

12. - D* - - —

>3 - D* - - —

*7- - D» - —

18. - Do ' - —

19. - D° - — 5,000 56* I 2,834 7 6 4,000 56i I 2,268 2 6

20. - D* . - —

24 - D» - - —

26. - D* ——

37- - —

31* - —

April 1. - D* - - —

2. - D* ——

8. - D° - —

9- - D° - - —

10. - Da ——

*4- - D* ——

*5* - D« - —

16 - D» - —

7 - D» - - - - —

21. - D* - — m ——

22 - D* - — m m — ' - —

33- - D" - - —

34 - D* — - - - , - —

28. - D» - —

29. . DJ ——

30. - D* - - —

59th Quarter 1,220,985 8 4 22,300 m m 12,580 7 6 123,600 - 13,317 a 6 9,000 - - 5,069 7 6

v^,ooq e

42 Geo. Ill

Appendix

737

' Appendix (No. 21.)

151° Februari

NATIONAL DEBT, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1802. "*

CONSOLS 3-P. Cir. REDUCED 3-P. Ct. IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct. Cr.

Capital. Price. Sumt ra d. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. CAPITAL in all the STOCKS. Total CASH Paid.

46.000 43*coo 24.000 36.000 35.000 2 a,000 19.000 10.000 9,coo 24.500 6,oco 7,coo 2.000 12.500 47.000 46.000 45*000 48.500 47.000 48.500 47*oco 47*5° % 46.000 3 8/xx) 45*5oo 46/500 45*oooo 43.006 46.500 45.006 46.500 46/500 47>$oo 46.000 9.000 4*5c6 4c 0 56I 5>I 5*1 57 { S 71 5^7 56 i sH S6i 56;- 5>i S6 56 5>i S>1 s;i 55i i 55i: 551 i , 55} sHi SH 57 } 5Si i S^l 5~i j 57{ 5« 57 2 j 57*; ji.6o 59j 60} 26,105 — " 23,972 10 — 1-3,620 1 20,700 ' 20,037 10 — J 13,630 10,782 10 — I 5,612 10 — 5*073 15 — 13,842 10 — 3.345 3,920 — — 1,120 — — 6,yj-} 7 6 ! 26,; 8; j *5,645 ,5.1*1 5 — 27,020 — — ' 2 >232 10 — , 27,0^8 15 — 1 26,261 5 — -26,778 2 6 26.047 10 — ' 21,578 15 — 25*764 7 6 26,450 — — 1 26,225 25.047 10 — I 27,028 2 6 25.73^ 5 — ‘ 26.679 7 6 , 26.680 — — -27*484 7 6 , 26,565 — — 5,382 10 — 2,683 2 6 j 241 2,000 5,000 17,000 IO OOOO 8,0C 0 2 2,000 2 9,000 29,5:0 38500 22,000 30,000 37 000 45.000 29,051 m m 48.000 4; 000 38 OOD 45,00° 46.500 46.500 ] 46,500 47.000 43 coo 47 5C0 46 200 S7i 561 s;f 5*i 58 57* 57 J S6i 57 57* S6J 5 6i 56} i6#- 574 I 57i 5* i nv 5 9i >8} I 59 59 58J 5 H 59t 1,150 — — 1,8*5 — — 9w75 5,8*5 4,640 12,650 — — 16,075 16.741 s — 21,958 «s — 12,567 10 — 16,91* 10 — 20.997 IO " *5.481 5 — 16,450 a 7 *7.543 f5 — 27,201 5 — 22,181 J — 26,883 15 — *7-725 12 6 27,343 2 6 27,435 ~ "* 27,73° " 25,208 15 z;,728 6 *7-373 IO — 1.000 1.000 1.500 1,000 1.500 I,coo 1.500 1,200 1.500 1.500 1.500 1.800 1.800 1.800 1,300 1*3*9 55i S7f sH sK S5f S5» 54* ssl ssl ;si 56 56 57* S6i 57* 57? 1 553 15 — 571 5 — 845 12 6 562 10 — 828 15 — "1 823 2 6 666 830 12 6 828 15 — 340 — — 1,008 — — 1*037 5 — 1,021 PO — 747 10 — 760 10 9 48.000 49.000 I 48 000 1 47,000 47,600 47.5°° 48,000 48.500 47,50° 47.500 48.500 48.000 48.000 47-55* 48.500 48.000 48.500 48.500 48.500 48.500 48.500 47.500 47.500 47.000 47.300 . 46.000 45.000 44.800 .46,500 46.800 . 46.500 47.300 47.500 47,329 . 48,000 47.000 . 47.000 45.000 46.500 46.500 46.500 . 47,000 47.S°o 47.500 46,600 27,255 — — *7>351 5 " -27^358 15 — 27,096 5 — 27,3-5 5 — 27,145 12 6 27.457 to — *7.450 27*032 10 — 26,972 10 — 27,273 15 -v 27,152 10 — . 27>'S6 5 — 26,779 IO *1 26908 2 6 26,757 10 — *7,083 17 6 27,020 — — 27,063 2 6 27,038 15 — 27,0^6 26,778 2 6 26,887 10 — 26,68l 5 — 26,772 7 6 26,450 — — 26.215 — — 26,084 15 — 27,028 2 6 26,75215 — 26,679 7 6 27,427 10 — 27,484 7 6 27,3*5 10 9 *7>543 >5 — *7,201 5 — 27,563 15 — 26,883 *S — 27,725 12 6 *7,343 6 *7-435 27,730 27,891 17 6 _ 27,728 2 6 27,614 10 —

1,229,400 IM>535 7 6 J 18*5.*51 479,003 — 22.229 " 12,480 3 3 2,131,780 1,220,985 8 4

Appendix*

A. 1802.

Appendix, i6ch Y E A R. — The Annual Account of the Commissioners

(No. 21.) 12' Februarii % 60th Quarter - Dr. con: 1 nut d. Old Ann 3-P. Ct. New Ann 3-P. Ct. Ann* 1751, . 3-P. Ct.

1801. 16th YEAR. Total CASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

May 5. Quarterly issue -99 and 96 Annuities -Unclaimed and Expired Ann Short Annuities 1777 -Reduced Dividend 4-Per-Ceiit. Ann* - D* Old S° Sea ... D° To Loans To Imperial D* By Stock bought £. 2. J 250,000 — — 13,7:0 3 7 45,8:7 1 6 12,500 177,110 16 4 10,140 — — 42,5:5 639,094 5 1 9» *73 5 — % 1

6. . D« - — . - - — - . ——

7* - D° ——

8. - D» - ~ - - —

12. - D« - - A —

>3 - D* - —

S - D° . - — - " - - — - ‘ —

9- - D> ——

20. - D° . — m - - — . - —

21. . D" - - — 4,000 60} 2,425 l,coo 6o| 606 J —

22. - D« - — - ' ——

27- . D» - - - . - - —

28. - D« - - . ——

June 2. - D° - T- - - — 1,400 6of 850 IO — - —

3- - D» ——

5- - — 12,000 6oj 7,245 ——

9- - D» - . - —

10. - D» ——

12. - D» - — . - —

16. - D° ——

17. - D* - - 5,000 6of 3,025 - —

18. - D° ——

19. - D° - - —

*3- - D» - m - —

- D» ——

a6. - D-> - - — . ——

3°* - D» ——

July 1. - D» - — - - . - - —

2. - D* - - - - . - —

3- - D' - —

7- - D»' - - - - - - —

8. - D» - — m ——

9 - D* - - —

IC. - D» - \ - —

14. - D* - —

IV - D* - —

16. - D» - - ‘ - — - . - - —

17. - D° ——

21. - 1> - - —

22. - D» - - , - —

*3- - D" . ——

- D° - - - - _

28. - D« ——

29 - D» - - — 10,000 57i 5775 ——

30. . D» ——

31 - D* ——

60th Quarter - - ' 1 1,200,090 12 6 17,000 - - 10,270 — — J *s.4«> - - 9,050 10 — 1,000 1 606 5 —

for die Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

Appendix,

(No. 21.)

12° Februarii,

continued.

Appendix,

16th YEAR — The Annual Account of the

(No. 21.) 12" Februarii, 61 ft Quarter D\ Old ANN* 3-P. Ct. 1 L

l8ol. .16th YEA£. , I Total GASH Received. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

Aug* 4. Quarterly Issue - . -99 and 96 Ann* Consolidd Dividend -New S* Sea D° - /3-Per-Cent. Ann* 1751 - D° To Loans . -T0 Imperial D* By Stock bought 250,000 — — 13»730 3 7l 280,120 1 10 34,080 — — 8,925 — — . I 767,634 19 9i 13,041 13 6

5- - D° — - - mmm

6. - D° - r

7- - D® - — -

11. - D* ——

>3- - D« - - "

Hr - D® - ~ '

18. - D° - - - - "

7 '9-- - D» ——

20. - D* - — . ——

21.. - D» - " —

,25. - D*. - — -

26. - - —

27- - D® ——

28. - D° ——

Septr 1. - D® - ~ ‘ ——

3- - D» - . — -' - - —

4* - D» - - - — 3,000 60} 1,818*15 —

8. ' - D° - —

9 - D» - 1 - - - T —

\ 10. - D® - - —

11. 1 U 0 1 1 1 < ——

H - D» ——

✓ 16. - D* - 1 ——

,7- - D® - — ' - - , . - —

18. - D® - —

*3- - D® - - —

24. - D® - — a " " - —

2S- - D® - —

30. . D* - — - " —

oar 1. P* -

2. - D° - ' — -

6. - D° - - —

7- - D® - - . - ~ . — '

8. - D® - — - - —

9 - D ——

*3- - D» - . —

H - D" - - . ——

*5 - D» - - - . - —

16. - D« - — - m '

20. - D» . ——

21. - D® - »

22 - - —

23* - D* - - - . — 5,000 68£ 3H-Q6 j —

*7* - D» . - — ' ——

29. - D° ——

30. - D* - - —

6jitQuARTEfc - - 1,367,521 18 9j 8,009, 'I 5,22} —

CoinmifGoo

New ANN* 3-P. Ct.

Capital.

4,000

14,000

2,400

5,000

7,000

6.000

6.000

44,400

Price.

Sums Paid.

58J

S9i

60

S9i

S8|

59$

6/i

2,350 — —

8,382 10 —

1,440 — — 2,987 10 —

4,086 5

3-547 >o 4,027 10

Capital.

4,500

.300

,800.

,000

261,821 5 — IL 8,600

60 ?

S9i

60

1,080 — —

2^94 7 6

780 — -

59$

mm

59' S -

for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

cc >NSOL« 3-P. Ct. RE DUCEI 3-P* Ct. IM1 PERIAI 3*P. Ct. ' O.

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. CAPITAL Total

1 in all the STOCKS. CASH Paid.

44»5°° 59* 26,533 2 6 1 4&500 r \ 28,883 % 6

48,000 59* 28,380 — — - - " ‘ 1*000 58* 588 15 — 49*ooq ' 28.968,15 —

5,000 59 2,950 44.000 59* 26,180 - — 49,000 29,130 — —

5.000 5«i 2,937 — 43,0.0 59* *S»5 3* 5'- — 1,000 s 585 - - 49,000 29*053 15 —

49000 S9i 29,155 - -: - e — 49.000 29*}55

- " 60J 28,190 12 6 - - 48*300 29,270 12 6

" — {46-700 6o| 28,311 17' 6 1,200 59* 718 IQ, — 47*900 29.030 7 6

" — 47.500 61* 29,093 15 — . .4 - 47>5°° 29,093 15 ~

— — 46.544 60J 28.333 >3 3 1,200 60$ 721 10 — 47.744 29»°>5 3 3

10,000 6c| 6,037 IO — 37,800 6oJ 23.OIO 15 - 47,800 29,048 5 —

8,000 6cJ 4.8:0 — — 38,800 6o£ *3,522 10 — 1,200 59* 717 48,000 29,049 to —

12000 59* 7,170 36 000 6o* 21*690 - " - - — 1 48,000 28,860 — —

5*000 60 3,000 — — 42,500 6o$ 25,712 IO — 1,200 59* 718 10 — 489700* 29,431 — ¥

- - — 48,000 6ii 29,400 - - w ‘ — 48,000 29,400 — —

' 46*500 61 28,365 — - 1,200 6of 721 10 — 47.700 29,086 10 —

*9,500 6c} 17,847 10 — 18,500 61 11,285 - - - 48,000 29,132 10 —

*9.500 60 17.700 - — - 48,000 28,776 17 6

1 44,000 60 *6,400 - 1*300 '59l 775 - 6 48,300 *8,993 17 6

48.560 60 29,136 - 0 - - j 48,560 *9*136 — —

47.500 60 28,500 — — - - 1,300 S9i 776 15 — 48,800 29,276 15 —

45.000 60$ *7,056 5 - - p - — 48,700- 29.276 5 —

47.54° 59* *8,345 '4 6 - - — 1,200 59* 71* 10 — 48,740 29,058 4 6

43.500 $9i 26,045 12 6 - - — 48,500 29033 2 6

47.6oo S9i 28,381 10 — - - 1,200 59a 714 — — 48,800 29,095 10 — .

49,000 S9l 29,216 5 - — , 49,000 29,216 5 —

47.300 59* i 28,270 17 6 - - " 1,300 59 i 775 - 6 48,600 29,046

48,000 59* 28,500 — — - - 1 I*20Q 59* 709 10 — 49.*oo 29,209 xo —

49^00 59* 29,093 15 — / . - - 1" — 49,000 29.093 15 —

47.500 59* *8,143 *5 — - - - 1,300 59 767 48,800 28,910 15 —

41,500 58* *4,*77 10 — - 1,300 58* 755 '* 6 49,800 29,119 7 6

4*»°oo 59* *4.885 - - - - , — - — 49,000 29,023 15 —

43,800 64* *8,411 10 — . - - 4 — 1,200 64* 774-"- " 45,000 29,185 IO —

37.200 67* 25,017 — — - " - - - . 43,*o# 29.044 10 —

43,000 28,350 — — - — 1*100 67i 741 2 6 43,100 29,091 2 6

+3.°co &7i *9,13* 10 — - 43 000 29,132 10 —

41,700 68 28 356 - - 1*141 67* 77° 3 6 4*.84' - 29,126 3 6

— 43,700 66* 29,005 17 6 - T - - . — 43.700 29*005 17 6

" 43.8co 66j 29,181 15 — - — 43,800 29,181 15 —

" 43,600 66J 29,157 10 — - - - 0 43,600 a9r»57 10 —

" 4VS°=> *7* *9,199 7 6 - - "* 43,500 .*9,199 7 6

— 42>500 68* 29,112 IO — - - , - — 4*»S°o 29,112 10 —

— 43,000 67 i 29,132 IO - 43^00 29,132 IO — »

— 4i>>oo 681 29,112 10 - 4*, S°o 29,112 TO —

- — 57,800 68J 25,798 10 - 4*,800 29,204 15 —

- — - 42,200 681 28,907 - - r- 4S.200 28,907

' m - — 42 200 68 i *8,854 5 — 1 1 a . P*- J 4*,200 *8,854 s —

*" " 43>*So 67 Hi *9,159 17 6 J - — 1 43.280 *9.! 59 17 6

\ 1,056,70c K 45*506 14 6 Ji .054.9*4 I- - 1671.781 13 3 I *1,54* - - 13.04* *S 6 I *>*94>l65 1«i67>52i 18 9

Vo*.. $7.

Appendix,

(No. 21.)

12" Ftlruariiy

(< r.!:nut J.

16th YE AR. — The Annual Account of the Commissioners

62c! Quarter - - - - Dr.

1801. 16th YEAR. Total CASH Received.

Quarterly Issue - 250,000 — —

Additional D# - 200,00* — —

99 and 96 Ann* 13.7*0 3 7

Reduced Divid* 205,525 13 —

4 Per-C*' - D» - 10,140 — —

Old S° Sea D* - 42,825

inn* 1777 D° - Loans ..... 12,500 — —

778.029 8 7

Imperial D° ' - 9>'73 5 —

Novr 3. By Stock bought

6. - D» - —

IO. - D* - —

11 - D» -

12. - —

'3- - —

17 - D® —

18 - D* - /

19. - - .

20. - D* —

*4 D» - —

- D* - —

26. - D» - _

*7* - D* -

Dccr 1. - D* -

2. - D* - mmm

3 - D« - —

4* 0 1 1 1 —

8. - D« - —

9 - D° - —

10 - D‘ -

it - D» - _

15 - D°

16 - D° - —

,7* 1 1 1 1 _

18. - _

22. - D* - —

23 - D* - - . —

*4- - D« ..... —

29. - D* - —

30 - D» - —

31* - D* - —

1 £02. Janx 5. - D* -

7 - D° —

8. - D* - _

12. - D» - —

13 - DJ - —

14 - D- - —

J5* - D» - —

x9 D» . —

20. - D* - —

21. - D* - —

22. - D* - —

26. - D* - —

27* - D° - —

28. - D‘ - —

29. D« - —

62d Quarter . - - 1 1,^21,013 IO 2

6lit Ditto ... 1567,522 18 9

6oth Ditto - - -; ,1 1,200,090 12 6j

59th Ditto . - - 1,220,985 8 4;

Total 16th Year £. J; .510,511 9 9]

Niw ANN 3-P. Ct. j ANN' 1751, 3-P. CT. 1

1 Capital. Price. Sun.2 Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

4,000 671 2,705 i

5*°°° 68 3400 ——

13,000 8,807 IO *"*" ——

- - - —

- - — m m - - —

- - - - — 4,400 67i 2,964 10

" - - - - 1

- - - - — m - - —

- " -

22,000 - - 14,912 IO — 4,400 - - 2,964 10 —

4M°° - 26,821 5 — 8,600 - - 5,145 12 6

15,400 - - 9,050 10 — 1 1,000 - - 606 -5 —

23,600 - - 15,3x7 2 6 9,000 - - 5,069 7 6

! 105,400 i- - 64,101 7 6 J 23,000 - - i3,78S «s —

Old ANN* 3-P. Ct.

Capital.

3,000

4,000

5,00.

2, O0(

5.000

7.000

26.000 8,000

17.000

2 2,700 73,300

Price.

66|

66$

671

68

Sum* Paid.

*>013 IJ

2,690 —

3.33i 5 —

,»3*S ——

3,387 10 — 4.760 — —

17,507 io ~-

5,225 ——

10,270 — — 12,580 7 6

45,582 17 6

for the Reduction of the National Debt — cntiinutd.

FOUR- P. Ctj. CONSOL" 3 P. Ct.

Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid.

r

- . ——

1 - —

- - - — — 1

- - — {

- - j

19.OOOO 85 16,161 5 —

I9.OOOO 851 t6-,73 15 — ' m —

19*000 «$ 16,150 — — 10,300 67l 6,926 15' —

19,000 84! 16,102 10 — . —;

I9.OOOO 8+i 16,126 5 — ( —

19*000 «> 16,150 — — —

t*OCQ »5* 16.245 — 1

19*000 «4* 16,10210 — — j

19*000 #4i 16,031 5 — —

19,000 84* 16,031 5 — —

19*000 84J 6/JJl 5 — —

19,000 *31 <5.936 s — —

19,000 831 15,388 15 — —

19,000 «4l 15.983 15 — - —

19,000 831 15,912 10 — 1 —

!9*S°=> 83? 16,355 12 6 —

19 500 83! 16.331 5 — —

19.000 85i 15,936 5 — —

19,000 #31 *5-936 5 — —

19,000 83| '5.936 5 — —

19,000 84 i 15.983 15 — 1 [

19,000 8+i *6.°55 — 1

19,000 84 i j 16.O78 15 — i

19,000 «4j 16.126 5 — _ 1

19,000 84i 16,126 5 — —

19 oco 8+1 16,102 10 — !

19,000 *4} 16,078 15 —

19,000 8> 16,150 — — —

19,000 m 1 16,102 10 —

i9,coo 8+s I 16,126 5 — - 1

19-oco s+: i 16,102 to — 1 " 1

19,000 3'ti 8S 16,1+0 — — — !

19.000 8)1 1; 16,221 5 — — I

19 coo *5-1 ! 16.19710 ——

19,000 85 ! , - — !

19,000 j 8;j I 16,2 2 t 5 — - ‘ —

1 685,000 i - . 5 79*4 H 7 6 - - 6,9:615 —

1 - - - — ! ,056.70: - - 645,506 14 6

- - - — , - - 46,311 15 —

- - - — 1.2:9.40c 3 - 6c,8.535 7 6

\ ° >#* 1 57- J 579,484 7 6 2.372,65; ^1,397,280 12

REDUCED 3-P Ct.

Capital.

Price.

44i°oo 67

44^500 671

4J>°°o 671

43'5°° 67i

48,000 67l

47*500 67

48,000 671

47»5°° 671

48,500 67

43,000 66}

48,600 66,

24,000 66}

24,500 66}

12*000 66}

24,500 66}

24,000 66}

11,000 67i

23*500 67}

24,000 67}

24,000 67

24*500 67

23500 6 7i I

20,000 66 i

24,000 66}

24,400 67i

23,700 66}

24,000 67*

23,200 671

24,500 67f

24,500 67i

23,700 671 i

24,000 671

19,000 67i

23,007 67} 68

Sums Paid.

IMPERIAL 3-P. Ct.

17,000 68}

24,000 68 681

23 0:0 68

24, COD 67} 68

23,000 68}

24,000 67} 68

23,000 68

24*0001 671

24,000 68 6S[

23.000

23.000

24.000 23.i2j

1,32^.831

,i°54>9*4

1,866,956

8*5*5*

63} i

681

63J,

29,480 ——

29,926 5

28,917 10 — 29,308 2 6 32,460 — —

31,825 ——

32,220 ——

3t,943 15 —

32.495 ——

28,702 10 — 32,379 15 __

15,960 ——

16.261 17 6

7,965 ——

16,323 2 6

16,050 — —;

7-383 >s

15,891 17 6(

16,170 ----- -j

16,080 — — I

16,4,5 ——

*5»777 *0 — *3-35° — — *5-977 10 — 16,378 to — *5,824 7 6

16,110 — —

*5.573 -

16,476 5 — *6,476 5 —

15*939 6 16,200 ——

12,896 5 —

15,624 15 s 11,581 5 —

16,321 5 —

15.640 — — 16,291 s — 15,697 10 — 16,308 15 —

15.640 — —

16,290 — — 16,3+2 10 — *5-79* 5 —

«5.783 *5 — 16,500 — —

15,995 6

890,944 '* 8

671,781 13 ,124,678 17 479,003 —

- 3,»66,4o8 3 6

C'.

A]

G

12°

c

I CAPITAL

Capital, Price. Sums Paid. in all the Total

♦ STOCKS. CAS H Paid.

# ✓ 48,000 \ 32,185 -

609 398 5 — 48,100 3*-338 5 —

- - — 48,600 32.3*7 10 —

600 66j 398 j — 48,100 32.396 7 6

- - - — 48,000 32,460 —

600 66| 396 15 — 48,100 32,221 *5 —

- - - — 1 48,000 32.220 —

600 66J 397 *o — 4«,ioc 32,34* ‘ 5 —

- - 48,500 3*-495 —

60 0 % «st 395 S — 48,60c 32,429 —

- - — 48,600 3*-379

600 66 396 43,600 3* 5'7 5 —

- - — 43,500 3 *-43 5 12 6

600 ^Si 393 43.900 3*.759 f5 —

- - — 43.50° 32,4*5 12 6

600 66 396 43,600 32.57* 5 —

- — 43,000 32.3+* s —

600 66} 399 >5 — 43,10c 3*536 12 6

- - — 43,000 32,27* 10 —

700 66 46a — — 43,700 3*-573 5 "

- - — . 43'5°° 3*.446 5 —

700 66* 463 ij — 43,200 32,272 10 —

- - — 43*4^0 32.250 15 —

7OO 65 i 459 7 6 43,700 32.3*5 12 6

_ . - — 43^00 32,36a 5 —

7OO *5* 459 7 6 43*400 32.196 5 —

- - — 43,500 32.465 12 6

700 66i 462 17 6 43*400 32,367 2 6

« - — 43.500 32.4*2 10 —

- - — 43,500 32.4*2 10 —

7OO 66| 465 15 — 43*400 32 339 2 6

- - - — 43,000 32.183 15 —

_ - — 43,00c 33'338 *5 ~

7CO 66f 463 2 6 42,707 32,*7* 12 8

~ - — 43,000 32,467 10 —

m - - — 43 oco 32 447 10 —

7OO 67 469 ! 4270c 32,211 10 —

— 1 43,000 32.370 —

60O 67I 403 10 — 42,6ou 32,251 —

m — - - — 43,000 32.411 5 —

600 67i 402 15 — 42,600 32,169 —

. - — 43,000 32.392 10 —

600 *7i 4C2 15 — 43,600 32.885 5 —

- — 42,000 32,012 10 —

60 0 ^7i 406 10 — 42.600 32387 15 —

_ . — 43,000 32,650 — —

4*' i 278 IS — 42,655 32,495 2 6

j 13.811 - 9.*73 5 — 2,084,342 <,521,913 10 2

1 21.541 - 13,041 13 6 2,194,165 *,367S2* 18 9

1! 15 480 - - 9 '73 5 " 1,992,095 1,2*00,090 12 - 6

: 22,2*9 - - 12,480 3 3 2,131,780 1,220,985 8 4*

>! 73.°6* 1 - j 43>868 6 9 8,402,382 5.310,51* 9 9

Appendix,

_ _ v 16th Y E A R. — The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

(No. 21.)

Henry Aadington. IV. Gremt.

Job Mathew. Joseph Nutt.

Appendix,

(No. 2 2.)

l6° FebruariL An ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rice, Imported Into Great Britain, in pursuince i ----- ^__ > of federal Acts of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the 5th Day of January 1802.

X-i»378»7z3- *5- 7- i

Inspector General's Office, Cudom-House, London, I UrdUam h-vmgy

12th February 1802. J Inspector General of the Irrports

and Exports of Great Britain.

v'

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

745

An ACCOUNT of the DEBT of His Majesty's Civil List on the 5th January iSjc; as near as the same can at present be ascertained.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 160 Ftbriuirii.

FIRST CLASS:

£. s, d.

15,000 ——

The Queen - -

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales JD° - - for the Support of the Princess

Ch.,rlot:c ----- 21,967 — 7^1

His Rojal Hghncfs the Duke of York - 3,000 — —

His Ro\al llighrcfs the Duke of Clarence - 625 ——

Tee Duchc's of Cumberland - 1,000 —

Hi-s Royal HighnH the Duke of Cambridge 2,000 — —

Deh: incurred by I.'er Majesty on account of

the younger branches of tt.c Rojai Family 28 634 17

86,726 17 ill

SECOND CLASS:

The Lord Chancellor - - , -

Speaker of tt.e H-use of Commons The Judges or E'.^land - -

The Jullic-S of Wales -

The Justices of Cheilcr - -

2,500 — —

9~° ——

11,250 ——

1,2CO —

615 ——

16,485 — —

THIRD CLASS:

Fcrtrgal:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 5,688 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 620 8 — |]

Secretary of Legation - - - - 125 ——

- 422 —

Charge des Affaire*

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 1,647 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 450 — —

Kaples:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 5,499 —

D° - Extraordinary D.fburftments - - 598 18 —

Secretary of Legation - - - 159 — —

Florence:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 4.392 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 600 —

Charge des Affaires - - - - 2S6 — —

Conlhntinople: Ambassador -Secretary of Legation Secretary of Embassy

7,84217 — i|

S49 ——

662 I9 4

Vienna:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 8,285 14 2

Secretary of Legation - 833 13 8£|

Russia:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 8,178 11 4;

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 955 11 1

Secretary of Legation - 549 — —

Secretary of Embassy - - - - 522 — —

D° - Disbursements - 284 12 3

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 7,842 17 — i Secretary cf Legation 288 — —

Charge des Affaires - - - 52 — —

Sweden:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 1,095 — —

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - - 23S 17 9

Secretary of Legation - 549 — —

Charge des Affaires ----- 546 — —

Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 1,095 — —

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 23817 9

Charge dcs Affaires - - - 122 — —

Carried up - - £.61,218 17 8]l

- ' ' / ' B.ought up - - 61.21S 17 8^1

Drcfden:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 4,392 — — D* - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 6:0 — —

Secretary of Legation - - - - 549 — —

ds

i>647 -

45° ——

354 -

Hans Towns:

Resident -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements -Charge des Affaires -

Elehlof Palatine:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 2,745 — —

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 600 ——

Charge des Affaires - - - - 138 — —

Secretary of Legation - - - - 320 —

Elector of Cologn:

Minider Plenipotentiary - - - - 1,569 — —

DJ - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 375 — —

America:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 4,'92 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements Extra Extracrdinaries - - D°

Secretary of Legation -

6oo — — 1,500 —

549 " -

461 6 9!

9!

Landgrave Hesse Cassel:

Minister - -

Congress at Amiens:

Secretary of Embassy - - - 130 — —

Alfillant Secretary to D° - - - 93 7

Consul at Madrid ----- 1,500 —

Cadiz ----- 300 —

Carthagena - 450 —

Corunna Galicia

Naples - - - - 600 —

Genoa ----- 375 —

Consul General at Morocco - - - 1,770 —

Tunis - - - - 1,200 —

Tripoli - - - 315 5 5

D° Extra Disbursements - 900

Algiers - - - 900

D* Extra Disbursements - 652 — 6

Consul at Nice

Tricfte - - - - 375""*

Majorca - - - 375 —

Consul General to America - 2,595 15

Consul to the Middle and Southern Spates - 2,625 —

D° - to N° and S'* Carolina and Georgia - 1,200 —

D° - Virginia ----- 1,200 —

D° - at Massachusetts Bay - - * 1,200 —

Agent and Consul to Lower Saxony - - 720 —

Consul for Zanti, Corfu, Arc. - 3^o —

FOURTH CLASS:

Bills in the Lord Chamberlain's Department 127.900 1 2\

D° - - - Lord Steward's - 135*549 7 9

D° - - - Mailer of the Horse - - 41,926 11 4

D° - - - Mailer of the Robes - - 4,320 1

D° - Ulher Court of Exchequer - - ,2,720 13 8

Da - for Stationary, Lords and Commons 5,601 10 D° - for Priming - 33,682 2 9

102,236 13 ft

35,*5°°

8 61

Vo 1. 57.

A. iSoii

Appendix

Appendix, (No. 23.) . *6* F

to* tinned.

An Account of the Debt of His Majesty's Civil LII! — continued.

FIFTH CLASS

Lo.d Chamberlain's Salary Salaries in his Department Lord Stew aid's Salary SaUries in his Department D® - - Matter of the Horse D® - - Matter of the Robes VLe Chamberlain's Salary Groom of the Stole - D® Apothecary to His M 'jetty

D® ----- -- to the Ho:l*chold

Gentlemen of the Bedchamber Grooms of D°

SIXTH CLASS

Pensions without Fees -D* - - formerly paid by the Paymaster of 1 Pensions and in lieu of Apartments in Somerset House -D® - to the late Queen's Servants

Princess Dowager of Wales's D° D° - - by Sign Manual -D® - - by Patents -D* to late Foreign Ministers

d.

z-

s»a>° — -

46,736 15 1

2,695 ——

50,925 >9 °j 23,264 4 2 1,890 — — 1,050 — — 3,5co — —

/ aoi 5 —

9j 6 8

21,000 — H.375 ——

16,852 17

31,700 14 206 16

9>293 12 65*5°5 7 19,929 17 39»$°3 H

4 i

5

Compensations in lieu of Offices abolished; viz.

In the Lord Chamberlain's Department 6,273 — —

Lord Steward's - 12,157 l9 4

Matter of the Horse - 2,696 8 7

Matter of the Robes ... 352 16 —

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain's Department 11,930 11

£ ' *

167,981 9 Hi

204,473 3 2

Sir John Hynde Cotton Vicar of the Tower -Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate -

St. John the Baptist.

St. Michael, Cornhill -

St. Magnus -School matter, Southwell -IJmvcrfity of Oxford, for a Preacher

Profettor of Divinity Law -

Physic -

History -Botany -

Uciverfity of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity for a Preacher

1

968

11 13 4

12 5 —

13 8 4

2! 7 _

37 3 2

17 10 —

10 6 8

70 -

7o — — 7o o — ... 35° — — *7

17 10 —

*3

10

Emanuel College, Cambridge Dean and chapter of Litchfield Vicar of Li chfield Matter of the Temple -Corporation cf Du tmouth - Preacher at Hampton Court Fellows of Eton College

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher Ministers of the Savoy D* - - - - I He of Man

Corporation of Lyme Regis H- irs of Colonel Fairfax D° - - N;ch» Yates -Corporation of Berwick H*hop of Chester, for Preach Pro ft ttor of Attronomy Treasurer of Chrill's Hospital Chancellor of the Garter President of the Council Keeper of the IVivy Seal

Carried up

of Divinity *3 6 8

Law - 70 _

Physic 70

History 7oo

Botany 350 _ *

w I vo »

Brought up - -

£-C- 3°>7^+

r. d.

4 U

Governor of Windsor Cattle -Constable of Dover Cattle -Matters in Chancery -Chief Justice in Eyre N° of Trent D° - - - S° of Trent -

Attorney General -

Solicitor General -Advocate General -His Majesty's Couofel at Law -

King's Prime Serjeant - -

Clerks of the Council Keepers of the Council Chamber

Officers of the Ceremonies -Officers of the Bath -King's Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms H. M. Serjeants at Arms Officers of the Ordnance *

Warden of Windsor Forctt - *

Keeper of Hampton Court Park -

Ranger of St. James and Hyde Parks -

Constable of Dean Forett -

Warden of Waltham Forett -

Riding Foretter New Forett -

Ranger and Under-keepers of Richmond Park

Out-Ranger of Windsor Forett -

Keeper of the House Paik at Windsor -

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor Cattle

Keeper of Records at the Tower -

Keeper of the Council Records --

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall

Keeper of Records of Forfeited Estates -

Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries

Housekeeper at Westminster -

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower

Keeper of the Tennis Courts -

Under-keepers of Cranbourn Chace

Ranger of Salcey Forett -

Keeper of Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks

Knight Harbinger -

Latin Secretary ——

Surveyor General of Lands -Surveyor of Woods -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Another ——

Anotner ——

Digetters of Records at Whitehall - -

One of the Solicitors of the Treasury Matter of the Hawks -Examiner of Plays -Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod*

Matter of the Mechanics -Clerk of the House of Commons -Clerk Assistant of D° -

Messenger of the Press Engraver of Seals -Auditor of the Exchequer -Clerk of the Pells -Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer -Keeper of Reco.ds, Court of Exchequer - -Deputy Chamberlains, for forcing Records Senior Tellers of the Exchequer -Three others - - — - D® -Auditor's Clerk, Tally Court Clerk of the Pells, Tally Court -Auditor's Clerk, for Extra Business Register of Loans -Chamberlains, Exchequer Deputy Chamberlain*, striking Tallies Two others ----- for D°

Messenger of the Exchequer -Grooms of D° -Clerks of D® on their Latin Order Porter of D®

Boj-ne forward -

s % d.

3 20 ——

7>*75 ——

l>925 -

3,937 10 —

6,066 13 4

142 6 8 lit 10 —

35 ——

1,400 — —

72 6 11 j

2,450 ——

287 is — 913 6 8

87; ——

898 6 8

1,760 — — 750 10 5

1,028 2 4

129 16 8

3,031 ——

367 10 — 472 10 —

8;j ——

3*3 3 —

i,o,-o — —

,oso ——

43 1 S ~

875 ——

875 ——

280 — —

35° ——

5*5 ——

16 — —

400 — — 231 6 8

35 — ~

70 ——

262 10 — 3+3 6 8 49° ——

l,7;0 ——

75 ——

75 ——

525 ——

700 -

*>3+7 10 —

2,401 17 6

700 — —

35° ——

262 10 —

17 10 —

1,050 ——

87 10 —

F05 5

*H3 11 3

70 — —

- i,57S ——

140 —

8 6 8

*3 15 —

- 14 z 6

1 5 —

200 —

- 87 10 —

- 26 1

2 10 — 6 16

- — 10 —

52 10 —

35 ——

£.86,248 12 s

An Account of the Debt of His Majesty's Civil List — continued\

Seventh Cl ass — continued.

Brought forwaid - -

Curfror Baron of the Court of Exchequer Solicitor in D* -Cleric of the Pipe -

Pipe Officers ——

Treasurer's Remembrancer -Two secondaries in said Office -

S.cond Secondary D® -Clerks in D1

Kind's Clerk, Crown Office

Clerk Foreign Edrcat<, Court Common Picas Foreign A pooler in the Exchequer Cle k of the Nichi!!s -Xing's Remembrancer - -

Secondaries and Clerks -

Clerk of the Picas and his Clerks - -

Clerk of the Foreign ElEeats -Band of Gentlemen Peiffiorers - - - to

Uihcr of the Exchequer for Pay of Watchmen For Swam* m'tc Courts in Wind for Fort It Under Clerks of me Council, for Fx:ra Business Keeper of the Lords Journ.ds, lor Toule Rent Cle.k of the Uanaper, Expence of the Oihce -Officers Committee of Trade

‘ 5

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Pier, ice. ....

I- '

IS6 13

2J2 IO -

1H7 12 n3 — 112 3

lS >5 4613

1913

87 10

3 s — 70 —

35 — 97 15 27 8

>i 7

169 3

,500 — 104 8

70 —

goo —

500 — ,862 10

100 —

d.

4

3!

5

„ 1

4

9

EIGHTH CLASS: Commissioners of the Treasury -First Comnullioner of D*

Chancellor of the Exchequer -

- - I>....

14,000 — —

7 038 10 — o ——

-,sO ——

s. d.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

£ s- d,

Messengers of the Exchequer on an Allowance 1,050 — —

Protedant Dissenting Miniftcjs in England - 1,700-

D° - -- -- - in Ireland - 800 ——

French Protedant Clergy - - - 3,006 17----

D° - - - - Laity - 12,027 8 —

Miniders of the Vaudois Churchep, et aL - 3*199 9 4

105,632 16 8\

24,188 lo —

Rent of Mote Park - 324 8 6

Chelsea Waterworks, for supplying the Treasury 92 4 6

D° - Kensington Palace and Garden

Expence of Windsor Great Park 7>"4 4 6

Archbishop of York, for Arabic Professor - 1,050 — —

Incidents of Office of Committee of Trade 4.831 19 ioJ

Deputy Chamberlain of Exchequer, and Officers

Tally Court - - 280 — —

Officers Tally Court, for levying Tallies 5*037 2 —

Mayor, Aldermen. &c. for Impod on Wine 100 16 —

Expences on account of St. James and Hyde

Parks 797 3 11

Contingent Expences of State Paper Office - 768 *9 3i

d.

.Appendix

23-I

j50

continued*

Special Service - 38,381 — —

Rei mbursement of Expences for His Majesty's

Service ----- - 2,606 3 6

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disburse-

ments ----- -- 728 12 10

Presents to Foreign Mini dors - 3,868 5 —

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons, and Overpayments ----- - 6,074 7 4i

Pass.tge of a Minider to the West Indies - 20 — —

Lord Cnamber'ain, to pay Mcifengers Bills 1,333 *4 — -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage

in his Account - 697 1 o

95,889 16 8|

ABSTRACT of the aforegoing Actfount.

Fust Class

- Royal Family

Second Class- - The Lord Chancellor, Speaker of the House of Commons, Judges, et al.

Third Class -Fou at h Class Fifth Class -Sixth Class -Saventh Class Eighth Class

- Miniders at Fort ign Courts - " .

- Bills of Tradednen and Artificers ——

- The Menial Servants of the HousebolJ .- - -

- The LilU of Per. lions and Compensations ——

- Salaries cf other Places payable out of His Majesty's Civil Lid Revenues -

- The Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer

Occasional Payments

Add, Amount of Sums directed to be IlTued, but remaining Unpaid at the Exchequer -

Total

86,726

16,485

,02,236

35»-5°o

167,981

204,473

105,632

24.188

93.889

s.

17 11}

>3 3*

8 6J

9 »»£

3 *

16 8J

10 — *

16 81

1,155,114 6 028

.6 3i

18 8f

1,161,14; 15 — £

To AMOUNT of DEBT, as above

Towards PAYMENT whereof there was in the Exchequer, on 5th January 1802, and due to the C ivil Lid, as follows; viz.

By Money in the Exchequer remaining of the Annuity for the Quarter ended 10th October 1801, and of Money paid by Mr. Roberts, on Account of Surplus of Exchequer Fees - -

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Annuity for the Quarter ended 5th January 1802 - -

Ev Amount rf Sums payable for Fees of Suppressed Offices ----- 6,oooo — —

By Amount due to the Civil Lid, for Sums issued thereout for Public Services - 2,263 8 —

By Sum issued to Matthew Bolton, on Account of Copper Coinage, which is to be repaid, 7,433 12 6

By Sum illa'd :o Major General Gardiner, in advance upon his Pension, which is to be

repaid by Iniia. meats of £. 3oo a Year ----- -- - 2,532 5 —

By a Debenture of the Commissioners for liquidating the Demands of His Royal Iiighnc>s the Prince of Wales, in the Name of George Ramus, Esq. payable on

10th October 1S06 - -- 22,500 —

By Amount of Sums advanced to His Royal H'ghncfs the Duke of York, which is

to be repaid by Indaiments of £. 1,000 Quarterly, from ill January 1S05 - - 54,735 *7 6

By - D° - to His Royal H'ghncfs the Duke of Clarence - - £.6,316 4 — 1

By - D* - to be repaid by lnflalments of £.750 per Quarter, the r 14,316 4 —

fird Payment to be made on 5th January 1803 - 8,oooo — — 3

£. /.

1,161,143 15 — ‘f

14,971 14 lOf 140,416 7 —

155,388 1 10 f

j 109,786 7 —

Vet. 57.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ] l6:h February 1802. J

IV. Vanjitt art.

Balance of Debt

9e

264,174 8 i0f

895,969 6

Appendix (No. 25.)

16° Fchriiaril,

continurd.

J

Ah ACCOUNT, Shewing the Charge of the CIVIL LIST, as Eilimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786; and the Charge of the fame, ending the 5th Day of January 1800; with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family:

His Majesty's Privy Purse -

The (jjueen ——

The Prince of Wales ——

The Duke of York, Prince William, and the other Princes -The Duke of Cumberland ——

The Princess Amelia ——

Duke of York -

Prince Edward, Erned Augudus, and Adolphus -Duchess of Cumberland ——

Duke of Clarence ——

The Prince of Wales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Commons; and Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Bdrons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Cheller, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Sef&un in the Principality of Wales:

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal

Speaker of the House of Commons, £, 5 a Day -

Judges of the Court of King's Bench -

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas -

Barons of the Exchequer ——

Chief Justice of Cheller -

Justices of the Court of Great SefGon in Wales - -

Eilimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil Lid:

c-

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries to Miniders to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts:

France:

Amhadador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. s. d.

£100 a Week - 5*214 5 8

D° - - - Extraordinary Dilburfcments - - 1,600 ——

Secretary to the EmbnlTy, 40/. a Day - - 730 ——

D° - - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 400 ——

Spain:

Ambadador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£, 100 a Week - 5*214. 5 8

D° - - - Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,600 — —

Secretary to the Embassy, 40/. a Day - - 730 ——

D° - - - Extraordinary Disbursements - 400 ——

Portugal:

Minider Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

/.8 a Day - 2,920 ——

D* - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 300 ——

1,825 ——

403 ——

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary, £, 5 a Day D* - Extraordinary Dilburfcments -

Nice:

Vice Consul -

Naples:

h' voy Extraordinary and P!enipoten:hry,/\S a Day 2,920 — — Du - Extraordinary Diibarfcments - 430 ——

H:

According to the In the Year . I

Account laid before ending the

Parliament. 5th January iSco. !

£. i. d £ ' *|

60,000 6o,oco — —

58,000 — — 58,000 — —

50,000 — — 60,000 — —

14*500 -

9,000 -

- 12,000 ~

— - 2,250 4,cop —

2,500

6,coo 1

203,500 20475° |

5,000 5, COO —

1*825 ..825;

8,500 8,500

7,$oo 7*500 !

6,500 6,500

730 73°

2 900 2 900 — —

32955 32 955

:ary and PlempnTen:iaryt>£.S a Dav 2,920 — — n.-!rv Dilbutk ments - - - 4.30 — —

a 2.MraorJi...iriL

7*944 5 6

7-9++ 5 s

3,220 -

2,225 ——

31° ——

3-3-o ——

,220 ——

74 12 2I

Borne forward

>1 5 11 4 i *c 4>5 1"

Increase:

Decrease:

In the

5th

Year ending the January 1800.

10,000 ——

12,000 —

2,2CO --

4,000 --

2,500 --

6,000 —

14,50° 9.000 12,000

d.

36,750 ----- ----- 3 v5°° ——

>944 5 s

7?944 5 &

830 — —

2S5

7 9*

u — —

‘9 *:

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

749

AciOJnt, fl.ewing the Charge of the Civil Li

THIRD CLASS '. — continued.

Brought forward -

Venice: *

Rt-fiJent, A3 a Day -

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements

Sv\ifs Cantons:

Charge des Affaires

Conllarlincple:

Amh fiador, £.; a Day - «-

Secie ary Legation -

1 c95 -

4C O

Holland:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,£ 10 a Day 3 650 — —

D3 - Extrao-dinary OilbeiLments - 1,6 ;0 — —

Deputy C-r,f*r / tt'r at C pvr. e - - - - I 20 — —

His Majesty's Agent at Rotterdam - - - 24* — —

Vienna:

Envoy Extraordinary nrd Plenipotentiary, £ S a Day 2,920 ——

D°, - Extraordinary Diibuncments - 000 — —

Secretary of Legation

BruiTels:

Mir.ilter Plenipotentiary, £, 5 a Day 1)° - Extraordinary DdburicmcAts

\y$2,) '

4GO ——

Russia:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,^. 3 a Day 2,020 ——

D® - Extraordinary Difourkments - 6co ——

Estimnted Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil Lid.

According t > the Account iiiJ Leior Parliament.

In the Year ending the 5th January 1S00.

£ d 28,313 II 4

M95 ---

i>c9> ——

£. i. d. ic,495 12 2-

5,618 —

, Z20 ——

Secretary of Legation

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £ 8 a Day 3 92 a ——

D* - Extraordinary Disbursements - - - 4^0 — —

Secretary ot Legation ----- - 30 ' ——

Charre des Affaires

Sweden:

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, £. 5 a Day - 1,825 — —

D° - Extraordinary Ddburiemenis - - ^oo — —

Secretary Legation -Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,£ 8 a Day 2 920 — — DJ - Ex.r.iordinary Di'-buricnients

Change des Affaires -Poland:

Minis.er at Warsaw. £. 3 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements

Dresden:

Envoy Extraordinary, £. 5 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Difouriemencs

Secretary of Legation -

Hr.ns Town:

IC miller, £. 3 a Day -D3 - Lxtruordir.a;y L'i lb ur foments

- 1,095 ——

- 4.0 ——

- 1,825 ——

- 1,005 ——

Chared des Affaire

Elector Palatine:

Mir.ifcr at Entifbon, f. 3 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements

Charge d;s Affaires -

Elector of C' loene:

Mini tier, £ 3 a Day -

- Extraordinary Disbursements

i,09> ——

-CO ——

- 1,095 —

- "OO --

Berne far ward

VOL. 57,

2,225 ——

3.520 ——

3 6So ——

2,225 —

3,320 ——

M95----

2,225 ——

i>395 ——

i*395 "

1*^9?

6;,iG6 n 4

co ——

3,9:8 11 - 365 ——

Increase:

Decrease:

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16' Fcbnu

coni in \cd.

In the Year erdhig the 5th January j?oo.

£ > d.

I 3,193 II '4!

8>;i;: _61} S.-S .2

5,250 ——

5 3:3 14 3

73° ——

2,225 ——

365 ——

2,225

33°

3,52°

(j -

1 >395 —

00 —

2.200

4b2

1 '395 -

49 475 IO 4;

| 2, OC5 ~

2,420 14 3

} 365 ——

£ 1,460 ——

6o — —

£ 1,3^7 ——

15.85+ i* a

£ ' d.

17.817 19 «r

i,49S

l60

5,6l8 — —

2,225 ——

765 --

,495 *"

29*575 *9

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

t C* Fe

il< ^ed.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

THIRD

CLASScontinued*

Brought forward

America -

Minister to the Landgrave of Hcfle Caflcl

Consul to Madrid -

Consul at Cadiz ....

Consul at Cart'nagcna -

Consul at Naples ..

Consul at Corunna and Carthagena

Consul at Genoa

Consul General at Morocco -Consul at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli - -

D° - - - - Extra Dilhurfements -

£3«o

250

Consul at Zante - - v *

Consul at Algiers -

D° - - - - Extra Disbursements -

£600 ——

485 11 6

Agent and Consul, Lower Saxony -

Consul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges D° - at Massachusett's Bay -

Consul at Trieste ——

Consul at Virginia ——

Consul at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica Consul at North and South Carolina and Georgia -Consul General to America -D° - to United States in D° -Consul General at Grand Cairo -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty's Service:

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain D6 ----- -- of the Lord Steward ..

D° - -- -- of the Master of the Horse -D* ----- -- of the Master of the Robes -

D® ----- -- of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

D® - -- -- of the Ulher of the Receipt of D° -

D® - for Printing, &c. ——

D® - for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons -Df of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List.

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£- 63,166 IZ 4

400 ——

1,000 ——

200 — — 300 — —

400 ——

250 ——

250 — — 800 — — 500 — —

630 ——

1,085 11 6

200 ——

120 — —

200 ——

1,000 ——

35° ——

70,852 2 10

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household:

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer Salaries to the Household ..... Allowances to - D° -

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward D° - - - to the Chapels -

Wages to the Chapels -

,>54° ——

15,204 4 —

6,573 17 6

74° ——

4>679 7 7 4'S !4 7

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain's Office Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer The Groom of the Stole, at - - Drt

12 Gentlemen of His Majesty* Bedchamber, paid at D* 12,000---

13 Grooms of - - - - D°.....D° 6,500 ——

Apothecary to His Majesty.....D° j 15 — —

D® - - to the Household ----- - D® 53 6 8

3.000 -

23.673 5 9

600 -

2.000 ——

43,000 50,000

2 3,000 2,200 1,200 7,000 7,000 2,800 1 1,000

147,200 ——

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1800.

£ *-49,47 s 10 4*

4683 — —

500 -

1,000 -

200 ——

3OO ——

400 ——

25O ——

25O ——

1,180 ——

800 -

830 ——

200 -- —

I,2I7 3 — *

480 ——

800 — —

250 ——

800 — —

250 — 800 — 1,649 11 1,729 16

68,047 1 *1

Increase.

Dccrrease.

In the Y<ar ending the 5th January 1800.

£. j. d.

15,884 18 2

4,685 ——

100 ——

380 ——

300 ——

200 — 200 — -

131 11 6£ 480 ——

800 — — 130 ——

800 — —

5° ——

800 — —

1

S

6+9 11

1,729 16

*9> 575 *9

200 — —

350 ——

27.320 17 si| 3°.,2S 19 if

66,152 4 7i

87,199 3 *i

28,178 *5 s

1,562 6

1,291 *7 10

I4885 ---- —

1,964 18 91

201,234 5 icj

23>i52 4 37*199 3

>5

71

si

9>

7,885

17 10

637 14 —

7,000 ——

8.15 1

11,000 - — —

73.507 I 'l 19-47* 1) 2 A

29,153 3 8

Salaries to the Office of Master of the Horse -Du - to the Office of Master of the Robes -

47>94i 5

12,790 19 4

i,cSo — — 90.96,- iS 5

30,33317 — »

1,18013 4;

48,106 12 4 164 19 n; —

13,047 17 3y 250 17 11f —

1,080 ——

02. ^*68 6 8 1 i .602 ii 3 1 —

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — <continued\

SIXTH CLASS!

PENSIONS!

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasury -D® - - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions D° - - to the late Queen Caroline and late Princess of Wales's Servants -D* - - by Sign Manuals -D* - - by Patents and Privy Seals *

D° - - to late Ministers at Foreign Courts -One Contingent Pension - - £. 2,680 — —

One - - D° - - - 800 — —

*4*354 !* " 38.544 *9 —

11,056 o 4 2,54a 11 — 12,604 — — 8,975 ——

3,480 ——

Annual Bounty paid in the Office of the Lord Steward _ Bounty - - D° -

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward to the Persons paid in his Office

to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain -paid in the Office of Mailer of the Horse - - £. 1,055 — "

- - DJ - - 701 5 —

Quarterly Compensat D°

D® - - -D° - - -Pensions in -

1.985 — 1,295 — 1,211 — — 4.395 ——

5,487 11 4

1>7S& 5 —

Compensations in the Office of the Master of the Robes 538 2 6

SEVENTH CLASS:

Twt Grooms of the Exchequer, at £. 1 per Annum each Organ-blower at Whitehall Chapel ——

Rent of Passage into Channel Row -

Sir John Hvnde Cotton, on a Perpetuity -

48 King's Watermen, at £.3. 2. 6. a Year each -

12 Pensionary D° ——

Clerks in the Pipe Office ——

D* - of the Pells in the Tally Court ——

Clerk of the Pleas ——

Vicar of the Tower ——

Usher of the Exchequer ——

Minister of St. Botolph, Perpetuity ——

Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office -

Organist in Whitehall Chapel ——

Churchwardens of St. John's, Perpetuity -Secondaries in the Office of King's Remembrancer - -

D® - - in the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer -Housekeeper at Westminster ——

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, £. 10 a Year each -A Person to lift the Water at the Treasury -University of Oxford, Perpetuity, for a Preacher -D° - - of Cambridge, D° - - - D° -

D° - - of - D° D° - - - D° -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - - D° - - - -,-

Schoolmaster of Southwell - Perpetuity -

Reader of Whitehall Chapel ——

Clerk at - - D® - - D®....

Clerk of the House of Commons D® ——

Clerks of the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer -Churchwardens of St. Michael, Perpetuity -University of Cambridge, Divinity Lectures -

D® - - of Oxford - - D# - - D°....

Vicar of Litchfield - - - D® -Emanuel College - - - D° -

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, is. a Day -

Clerks of the Nichells ——

Porter of the Exchequer ——

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of 5 Deer -

Four Pursuivants at Arms, £. 20 each ——

Clerks of the Eilreats in the Common Pleas -

Advocate General ——

Under-Keepers of Cranborn Chace ——

Church wardens of St. Magnus, Lothbury, Perpetuity -Eight Heralds, £.26. 13* 4. each -

Second Secondary in Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office -Turncock at St. Jame>'s ——

Office Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain's Office -A Person to attend and work the great Water Engine at Windsor Castle Jane Garrett, the W® of a Person formerly employed in the said Office Keeper of the King's Swans ——

Borne forward - - £.

Estimated Annual Charge i

of His Majesty's Civil List.

According to the In t^e Year

Account laid before ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1800.

£. s. £. d

iot.557 4 4 100,750 1 7I

- l6,63I l8 IO 12,512 5

118,189 3 2 113,262 7 3 {

2 — — 2

3 10 — 3 10 —

568 5 6 8

150 150 — —

37 10 — 37 i° —

411 8 411 8

5 5 — —

6 io — 6 10 —

6 13 4 6 13 4

6 13 4 -

7 " — 7 — —

7 13 4 7*3 4

8 8

' 7 »3 4 7 *3 4

8 8 — —

9 —: 9 —:

926 926

20 — — 20

10 — — io — —

IO — — IO — —

10 ,0

IO — — IO — —

10 IO

IO — IO

IO — 10 — —

10 — — IO — |

IO — — 10 — —

I! 5 — 11 5 —

12 4 — 12 4 —

13 6 8 13 6 8

13 6 8 13 6 8

15 — — 15

16 13 4 16 13 4

18 s - 18 5 —

20 — — 20 — —

20 20 — —

20 20 — —

80 80

20 — 20 —

20 — — 20 — —

20 — — 20 — —

21 4 8 21 4 8

213 6 8 213 6 8

26 13 4 26 13 4

28 15 — 28 15 —

30 30

30 30

- - - 12 — —

30 — 30 — —

1,076 4 6 081 II 2

Increase.

Decrease.

Appendix*

(No. 23*)

16° Februarii,

ttntinutd.

In the Year ending the 5th January 1S00.

£ ' '

12 ——

£. s.

807 2 <{

4,119 13 ij

----- ---- A

4,926 15 10J

6 13 4

12 —

6 13 4

VOL.

57-

A. 1802

75*

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16* Februariiy eontinutd\

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

SEVENTH CLASS — continued.

Brought forward -

24 Whitehall Preachers, £.30 per Annum each -

Turncocks at Whitehall ....

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, £. 31. 13. 4. each

Senior Teller of the Exchequer ——

Clerks of the Exchequer - - - .

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 s. a Hay -

Clerk of the Ordnance ——

Mailer of the Temple ——

Plumber in the Office of Works ——

Three Kings at Arms, £.40 each ——

Banger of Salcey fore ft

Professor of Physic at Oxford ——

D° - of Law at - D# - -

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer ....

Regius Professor of Laws, Cambridge ——

Professor of Physic - - - D° -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel ——

Messenger to the Order of the Bath....

Keeper of all the Engines ——

Treasurer of the Ordnance ——

Comptroller of the Pipe -

Twelve King's Council, at £. 40 each ——

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity ——

The King's Organ-builder ——

Person for providing String for Musical Instruments, &c. -Chamber-keeper to the Cockpit Rooms - -

Ranger of Windsor Forest for Swannimote Courts - -

King's Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms, for Attendance on Feftr Days ——

King's First Serjeant ——

Eton College, Perpetuity -

Office Keeper to the Wardrobe -Thirty-four King's Messengers^ £, 45 each -Keepers of the Council Chamber, ts. 6 d, a Day each (Two) -Officekeeper and Necessary Woman to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 48 each - - - .

Gatekeeper in the Road to Fulham -

Three Messengers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £.50 each - - - - -‘

Mayor of Macclesfield Annuity ——

Engraver of Seals - -

King's Clerk in the Crown Office ——

Register of Laws ——

One Messenger to the Treasury ——

Principal Painter ——

Storekeeper of the Ordnance, 3/. a Day -

King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy -

Two Office Clerks of the Works - - .

Messenger of the Press ——

Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer - -

Messenger of the Wardrobe - -

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -

Carpenters and Joiners in D° ——

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance ——

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners -Officekeeper, Messenger, and Porter, in the Office of Works -Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Keeper of the Council Chamber ——

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of india, £ 80 each -

Ratkiller - - ....

Housekeeper to the Treasury ——

Ranger of St. James's Park ——

Attorney General ——

Register of the Order of the Bath ——

Secretary to D° -

King at Arms -

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury ——

Gentleman Ulher of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger of the Treasury Chambers - - . -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer - -

Clerk of the Cheque to the King's Messengers - -

Forty Gentlemen Band of Pensioners, £. 100 each -

Surveyor of the Woods -

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath ——

Corporation of Lyme Regis - . - -

Borne forward

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

Increase:

Dccrease:

According to the In the Year

Account laid before ending the In the Year ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1800. 5th January i8co.

£ ' £ ' d. £. s. d. £

1,076 4 6 1,08 r 11 2 12 6 >3 S

720 — — 720 — —

5° 6 3 30 6 3 — —

95 95 " —

33 6 8 33 6 8 —

35 35 — —

36 10 — 36 IO — — —

36 10 — 36 IO — — —

37 6 8 37 6 8 — —

38 2 9 38 2 9 — — ~

120 — — 120 —

40 40 — —

40 40 — *

40 40 —

40 40 — - —

40 40 —

40 40 —

40 40

40 40 —

40 40 —

' 40 40 —

40 40 — —

480 800 320 —

40 40 — —

40 40 — """

40 40 —

40 60 20 — —

40 40 ""

41 41 — —

41 6 10 41 6 10 —

42 42 —

45 45 —

*5 j° 78 .5 _ - i.45* S ~

91 5 — 9* 5 — **

96 - _ 1 - - 96

49 10 — 49 >o — ~

150 - - 1 1 O

50 50 —

50 50 —

50 50 —

50 50 ! — -

50 - - - - 50

50 50 —

54 15 — 54 15 — —

55 >7 4 55 *7 4 — "

6c — — 60 — — j —

120 140 20 — — 60

60 - -

64 2 1 64 2 1 —

65 65 ' —

747 10 — 1 0 K 0 00 6 > — —

195 1 6 20; 11 6 j 10 10 — ""

66 13 4 66 >3 4 —

70 70 —

70 70 —

72 17 9 72 17 9 —

73 - - 73

73 73 — —

74 3 4 160 — — 74 3 4 160

80 80 — —

80 - - 80

80 80 ——

81 6 8 81 6 8 i

90 90 —

90 90 —

90 90 —

9°: - 90 —

90 90 — / a

90 16 8 - 90 16 *

9613 4 96 *3 4 — —

99 *5 ~ 99 15 — ——

4,000 4,000 —

100 - 100 —

100 — — 100 —

100 — — 106 — 4 — —

13,205 — 8 ",339 >5 8 442 10 - 2,3071$ —

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Li ft — cnntimueJ.

SEVENTH CLAS S — continued.

Brought forward -

Corporation of Lyme Re^is. for repairing the Pier -One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue.

Minister of the Isle of Man ——

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -

Heirs of Col. Fairfax, Perpetuity ——

D° - of Nich* Yates, - - D°

M tribal of the Ceremonies ——

Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Poet Laureat -

Yeoman U(her of the Black Rod ——

Eleven Malleis in Chancery, £. too each -Garter King at Arms ——

Mailer of the Barges ——

Twenty-two Clerks in the Treasury ——

Four Clerks of the Council, /. 100 each -

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich Hospital,

and Wine heller ——

Professor of Botany, Cambiidge - -

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. 100. 7/. 6d. each -Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Pensioners -

Assistant Mailer of the Ceremonies ——

Accompunc to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts ——

Second Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India

Supervisor of the Work of Digesting Records -

Master of the Mechanics ——

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer ——

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer ——

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer ——

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall ——

Masser General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of New Park, Richmond, for Self and Under-keepers -Governor of Windsor Castle, 10/. a Day -

Clerk of the Works for D°, Queen Lodges, and some of the King's Houses in and about Windsor ——

Knight Harbinger ——

Keeper of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates -

King's Clockmaker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces ——

Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Two Keepers of State Paper*, £. 200 each 1 now Digesters f -

More to them, for Clerks - - > of Papers at < -

More to them, for Expences - - - 3 Whitehall. £ -

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court Palace, Yard, Park, Gardens, and Bulhy Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River . Ufticr of t^e Black Rod -

Clerk of the Works for St James's, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster ... One of the Solicitors of the Treasury ——

Constable of Dean Forest ——

Resident Clerk of the Works - -

Clerk of the Works for Queen's House, Carleton House, Mews, Ken-fingtun Palace, and King's Road ——

Keeper of the Lions ——

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, See, -

Four Cletks of the Council, £.250 each -

A ronomer Rov.il ——

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Kcw, and New Park Lodge Four Messengers of the Exchequer, on their Salaries and Allowances, /. 25S. 161. 10 J. each ——

Curfltor Baron of the Exch:v|uer - -

Warden of Waltham Forest - -

Latin Secretary ——

Master of the C - - - £. 200 — — 1

- - in lieu 0i Bills - 100 — — J

Rritiih Museum, b>r Care of King's Libraries -Under Clerks of the Council, for Attendance on Matters of Trade -First Clerk of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India - -

One of the Auditor* of the Land Revenue -Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners -

R . C k of the Wardrobe ——

Examining Clerk of the Works -

V . of the Pells ——

Chrill's Hospital - -

Inspector ui His Majesty's Works, 5cc. - -

Borne forward - - £.

Vol. 57.

Ellimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the In the Year

Account laid before ending the In the Year ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1800. 5th January 1800.

C ' ' r- j. £. £ ' <i-

13,205 — 8 11,339 *5 8 442 IO — *>3°7 *5 -1

IOO — IOO — —

IOO — — 100 — —

100 — — IOO —

100 100 — —

100 IOO — —

100 — — IOO — —

100 IOO — — "

100 IOO — —

100 100 — —

100 IOO ' — —

1,100 1,100 — —

IOO 100 — —

100 100 —

2,200 - - . - 2,260 — —

4CO 400 H

too — — ICO —

IOO 200 IOO — —

903 7 6 1,003 *5 — 100 7 6 — nm

103 103 — — -

104 6 8 104 6 8 —

107- 4 2 107 4 2 —

120 120 — —

121 13 4 121 13 4 — —

130 - - - - 13d

*3* 3 4 *3* 3 4 —

150 - 150 —

150 150 — —

150 150 — —

150 150 —

150 150 —

1^6 10 — 156 10 — — —

160 — — 160 ——

I7< 18 4 *75 «8 4 — —

178 10 — I78 IO — —

182 10 — 182 IO — — -

180 — < — 180 —

195 16 8 195 16 8 —

200 — — 200 — —

200 200 ——

2 co — — 200 — — —

4°o 1 <

200 \ 650 - 150

200

200 200 — —

2CO 200 —

200 2 DO 1 — —

aoo — — 200 — —

2 10 210 — —

21 I 211 "

220 — 220 — —

228 2 6 228 2 6 — —

230 s 6 - - 2 jo 5 6

1,000 1,000 —

320 320 —

250 2SQ

L035 7 4 i>°35 7 4: — —

263 6 8 263 6 8 — —

270 270

280

300 3co — —

300 300 — —

300 400 IOO —

300 - - 3CO *

3co 300 — —

310 3,c ! — —

318 - - 3.8

355 355 — —

367 15 — 367 15 1 —

370 io — 370 10 —

400 — — 400 — —

3 *,345 7 8 27,302 4 8 i 74* ‘7 6 5,785 — 6

Append ix,

(No. 23-)

16' Februarii*

continued.

Appendix, (No. 23.)

16° Februa

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

SEVENTH C L A S S — continued.

Brought forward -

Professor of Modern History, Cambridge -

Keeper of the Books and Papers, Treasury -

Chief Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Professor of Modern History, Oxford ——

Examiner of Plays....

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Keeper of the Records in th6 Receipt of Exchequer, and at the Chapter House Westminster; himself £. 400, Clerks £. 500 -Usher of the Exchequer* for 10 Watchmen and 2 Superintendents -Auditor of the Exchequer ——

Officekeeper of the Treasury, for Attendants and Disbursements Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners ——

Keeper of Council Records ——

Riding Fbrefter of New Forest - -

Four Under Secretaries of State, £. 500 each - - - , -

Keeper of Records in the Tower ——

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works -

Chancellor of the Garter ——

Officers of Windsor Forest ——

Clerk Assistants of the House of Commons -

Under Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Solicitor to D° -

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest ——

Captain of the Band of Pensioners ——

Surveyor of Lands -

Mailer of the Hawks -

Ranger of Hyde and St. James's Parks - -

Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India

Chief Justice in Eyre, N* of Trent ——

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office -

Lord Privy Seal - - - -

Chief Justice in Eyre, S° of Trent ——

Lord President ——

Constable of Dover Castle - - .

Secretary of State ——

D° - - D° - -

Professor of Botany at Oxford, commenced 25th September 1792 Keeper House Park, Windsor, commenced 12th August 1788 -D® - - Outward Gate, Windsor Castle ——

Officers Committee of Trade ——

EIGHTH CLASS:

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury First Commissioner of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service ----- - r

Home Secret Service ——

Special Service and Royal Bounty ....

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -D° - - for Overpayment on their Accounts -Sundry Ministers, £. 20 each, for their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges ——

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads -Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts ..

Extra Extraord* to D® -

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -

D* - - - ----- - in Ireland -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy

For D°--of the Laity ——

Lord Almoner, for Alms, Sec. ——

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor -

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City -

Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -

Ground Rent of Cumberland House -

Rent of Mote Park ——

Borne forward -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List.

According to the Account Uid before Parliament.

£ /. 32»345

d.

7 8

400 ——

400 ——

400 — — 400 — — 400 — — 400 — —

900 — - —

438 -

46° 3 4 480 — —

5 co -

500 — — 500 — —

2, QOO --- —

500 — —

510 ——

57° 5 -587 9 u

6co ——

600 — — 600 — — 900 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

,*372 1.582

i,5°°

1,666

2.000

3.000 3.466

4.000 — —

4.io° ——

5.680 — —

3.680 — — *

10 —

17 6

>3 4

13 4

81*440 — 1

8,oco — 4,022 — 1,800 —

13,822 — —

23.000 — _

10.000 — - —

20.000 —

13 >000 — —

3.000 — — 200 —

7.500 ——

2,806 I —

2,300 ——

12,000 — —

2.000 ——

1.500 -

1,700 ——

800 — — 1.718 4 — 6,872 16 — 1,119 ——

9C0 — —

1,000 ——

220 16 — 316 18 6 323 16 6

II4i477 12 —

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1800.

£. s. d. 27,302 4 8

400 ——

400 — —

400 ——

400 — —

900 — —

438 ——

460 3 4

500 — — 500 — — 500 ——

500 — —

510 ——

570 5 —

587 911

600 ——

600 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1,372 10 — 1 *73 z----

2,250 — —

2.000 — —

3.000 — —

3.46613 4

4.000 — —

4,100 ——

200 — —

600 — —

25 ——

3*35® ——

63,664 6 3

8,000

4,022

1,800

13,822 ——

23.000 — —

10.000 — — 52,738 *9 >1

6,680 -- —

4,538 19 u|

40 ——

13,000 -

823 l6 ---

3.300 ——

308 I3 ~

1,700 -

800 -

1.718 4 —

6,872 l6 ---

1,119 ——

900 — —

1,000 — —

3*4 8 6

132,864 18 7i

Increase.

Decrease.

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1800.

£ s‘ d. 74* 17 6

149 2 6 583 6 8

200 ——

600 — —

25 ——

3.35o ——

3,650 6 8

3*73819 i| 1.53819 ni 7.500 —

1,300 —

— 1* —

43,078 n ij

£ ' 5,786 — 6

400 — — i 400 — *-

480 — —

2,000 — —

600

600

300

1,500 ——

5.680

5.680

23,426

— 6

6,320 — —

160 — — .

2,806 1 — 1.676 4 — 12,000 ——

1,191 5 -

220 16 —

316 18 6

24,691 4 6

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS — continued.

Brought forward

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury Da Kensington Palace and Garden -Expences of Windsor Gr^it Park -Fees. See, on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury

Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Contingencies -

- - - - for Stationary

D® - - - .- -- .- ..for Messengers -

Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons ... Secretary of State, Home Department, for Contingencies D* - -- - for Stationary -

D® - -..---..-for Messengers

Ba..... for Land Tax

Secretary of State, War Department, for Contingencies -D* - -- for Stationary D° - -- - fir Messengers

D°--» ----- --for Land Tax

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs D» - of C ommittee for Trade and Plantations D* - - - of the Privy Seal Office -

His Majesty's Charity to sundry Female Objects in Distress, paid at the Treasury ----- - £,1,200 o

tec s, See. on the Receipt of that - - - - 32 13

Presents to Foreign Mmiflers on their return Home Serjeant* at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessartes -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for SurpLfage in his Accounts For the Relief of certain French Protestants -Henry Addington, Esq. Speaker of the House of Commons, Equipage - - - . - - - *

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners - -

Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements -Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs of London, for Impost on Wine Vaudois Churches ——

Deputy Chamber!'in of the Exchequer and Officers of the Tally Court

To rtimburse sundry Expences for His Majesty's Service

Police Omces ——

Presents to Foreign Min:fters ——

Expences of St. James and Hyde Parks -Lord Salisbury, to* pay Messengers Bills -Messengers of the Exchequer on an Allowance -Othcers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -KKflengers of the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges -Geo. Attwood, Esq. for making Calculations for the Chancellor of Exchequer -

Executors of Edwd Glanville, to pay a Bill for Carpenters Work done at the House of the Sreaker of the House of Commons Lord Gwidir, Expcrc-s on Account of Mr. Hastings's Trial -Their Royal Highncffe the Dukes of Kent and Cumberland, to pay t!.r I xpence of their Kftablifiiments ——

W* Baldwin, Esq. as a Reward ler his Advice as Council to Secretary of State -

The Right Hon. ThcP Grenville, as a Compensation for the Loss (uflained by him by the Lois of the Profcrpine Frigate Dcmetri Politi, in lieu of his Pension ——

1}

for

Efttmated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List. Increase: Decrease:

According to (he In the Year

Account laid before Ending the In the Year Ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1S00 5th Janua ry 1800.

£, ,. d £ ' £ d. £, s. d.

114,477 12 — 132,86418 43,0^8 u 24,691 4 6

52 14 — 52 14 — — „ —

,50 150 — > — — —

4,000 — — 5,219 9 uf 1,219 9 nf —

l»74I 12 — 1,749 19 6 , 8 7 6

2,000 — — - - 2,coo — —

- - - 12,000 —

2,600 - \ 9'40O —

- 20,000 — — - 20,000 ——

1,409 M74 " — - - 35

- 8,oco — —,) /

2,000 — — r 0,000 —

- 13,000 — — j !3, OO0 — — —

- 3-»«9 '3 Si 3,189 13 $3 —

- 4*430 4,400 — —

2,000 2,000 — — .

25O 3,101 1 3' 2,851 1 3i —

700 — — . ~ 700 — —

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6 — —

,500 — 1,500 — — .

1,000 — — L519 r4 2 519 14 2 —

500 — — 268 4 8 - 231 15 4

500 — — ' ‘ 500 — —

218 8 8 219 17 6 1 8 10

400 - 400 — —

98 14 — TOO l6 2 2 — —

1,34$ i° 4 1,828 5 4 482 15 — —

300 — — 402 8 9 102 8 9 —

- 5,0*6 13 *4 5,016 13 — —

9,584 13 1 9,584 13 1 —

*3-733 14 5? — -

70816 n j 70S l6 Hi —

i.358 *4 5 1,358 14 5 —

- 474 11 4i 474 —

- 1.977 " i,977 2 — —

- 450 450 — — —

602 — — 602 — —

- 114 1 11 114 I 11 —

- - 190 11 2 190 11 2 —

«4>769 3 — 14,769 3 — ‘ —

1,624 1,624 — — —

... 1,086 1,086 — — —

24$ 245 — — —

138,476 4 6 272,608 l8 1166,190 13 5^ it 32,0571910

Appendix, (No. 23.) 160 Februariiy

continued.

ABSTRACT: the 1 ft Class ----- -- 203,500 — — 204,75° — 1,250

2d---. ----- 32>955 32,955 — — —

3d 70,852 2 10 68,047 1 if - 2,805 1 8|

4* 201,234 5 iof 54,034 5 io* —

5th 90,96515 5 92,568 6 8 1,602 11 3 —

6th 118,189 3 a -113,262 7 3f - 4,926 15 io|

7th. ----- --. 8l,440 — t 63.664 6 3 17*775 *3

8th 13,822 — — 13822 T —

Cccafional Payments ----- - 138,476 4 6 272,608 18 i| 134,132 13 l\ —

£ 897,400 6 — 1,062,-, 12 5 4} 1 191,019 10 9* 25,507 11 4*

Wni'ehall, T reaVy Chambers, J

i6;h hebiuary iSoa.

N. Vanjittart.

VoL.

57-

Appendix

756

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No- 23.)

16" Februarii,

{or.tmueJ\

Aw ACCOUNT, Shewing the Charge of the CIVIL LIST, as Estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 17S6; and the Charge of the fame, ending the 5th Day of January 1S01; with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family:

His Majesty's Privy Purse ——

The Queen ——

The Prince of Wales ——

The Duke of York, Prince William, and other Princes -The Duke of Cumberland ——

The Princess Amelia ——

Dt ke of York ——

Duchef* of Cumberland ——

Duke of Clarence ——

The Prince of Wales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte

SECOND C L A S S:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; Lord Keeper cr Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Common*, and Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Common Picas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester; and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales:

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great

Seal ....

Speaker of the House of Commons, £ 5 a Day -Judges of the Court of King's Sench -Judges of the Court of Common Pleas -Barons of the Exchequer ——

Chief Justice of Cheller ——

Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales -

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries to MiniAers to Foreign Courts, being resident at

the said Courts:

France:

Ambaffidor Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£. icoaWcek - 5,214 5 8

D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - i,6co ——

710 ——

Secretary to the EmbafTy, 40/. a Day D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements

Spain:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£. 100 a Week - - - - 5,214 5 8

D1 - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 1,600 ——

Secretary to the Embassy, 40/. a Day - - 730 ——

D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 400 — —

Fortugal:

Mir.ider Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary D° - Extraordinary Disbursements

Charge dcs Affaires -

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary, £, 5 a Day - -

D* - Extraordinary Disbursements

Nice:

ViceConful -

Naples:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, D ‘ - Extraordinary Disbursements

Florence:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary D* - Extraordinary Disbursements

Borne forward -

Ellimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: 1 Increase: Dccrrease:

According to the In the Year

Account laid before ending the In the Yead ending the

Parliament. 5th January »8ci. 5th Janua ry 1801.

£. d. £. s. d. j £ > d. £ ' 4

60,000 6o,oco — —

58,000 58,000 — —

50,000 60,000 10,000 — — —

I4.5OO I4.5oo

9,000 9 000 — —

12,000 - - I 2,000

- I 2, COO I 2, COO —

4,000 4,000 —

- 2.5OO — — 2.50° —

- 6,000 6 OCQ — — —

203.5CO - 202 OO 34 500 3S 5C0

t 5,000 5,000

1,825 1.825 — —

8,500 8,500 — —

7.5OO 7,roo — —

6,500 — 6,500 — —

73O 730 —

2,900 2,900 — —

32,955 3295; — —

- 7-944 S 8 7.944 5 8

7.944 5 8 - 7.944 5 s

3,220 % 4,692 422 11,894 — —

2.22; E39* 830 — ~

340 340

3,32a 6,240 1 2,920

3,320 1 3*120 — — —

2 3,31 3 11 4 ! 16,c6g i . — j 17,058 ! I 4

Account* shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

THIRD CLASS continued\

Brought forward

Venice:

Retiicnt, £.; a Day D® - Extraordinary Disbursements

Swiss Cantons:

Charge des Affaires -

- -

1.095 ——

400 ——

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

Constantinople:

Ambassador, f. 3 a Day Secretary of Legation

28,313 11 4

M95 -

250 — —

L095 -

Holland:

E>nvoy Extraordinary a id Plenipotentiary, £. 10 a Day 3,650 -

D* txtraordinary D fb trlcmenu . - 1,600 — —

Deputy Confers itor at C impvere ..... 120 — —

His Majesty's Agent ;u Kuticrdam - - - . 248 — —

Vi'-nm:

E »voy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.3 a Day 2,920 ——

D° - Extraordinary DilburLmeiUS ... 600 — —

Secretary of Legation

Minster Plenipotentiary, ^.5 a Day D® - Extraordinary Disbursements

- 1,825 ——

- 4.0 ——

RulTia:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a Day 2,920 — — D° - Extraordinary Dnburi'ements - Ooo — —

Secretary of Legation

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, j^.8 a Pay 2,920 — — D° - Extraordinary Disburseraents - 400 — —

Secretary of Legation - 300 — —

Charge dcs Affaires

Sweden:

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, £.5 a Day - 1,82^ ——

D° Extraordinary Disbursements - 400 — —

Secretary cf Legation Charge dcs Atl.aics

Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a Day 2 920 — — D® - Extraordinary Disbursements - 4C0 — —

Charge dcs Affaires

Po'ard:

?.!ii.iilcr 21 W.irfaw, /. 3 a Day -D° - Extraoidn.aiy Disbursements

Dresden:

Envoy Extraordinary, f . 5 a Day D® - Extraordinary Disbursements

1,005 ——

1,825 — — 400 — —

Secretary of Legation

Ha ns:

J\f miller, /. 3 a Day -D® - Extr.iordina. y Disbursements

Charge des Affaires -

ILlefiOr Pdat*ne:

Minitier at Ratifbcn, /3a Day D° - Extraordinary Diiburicnier.ts

Charge dcs Afthires -

Jdr^or cf Cr!o;r.c: *

Minister, £. 3 a Day -D° - Extraordinary E ilburiements

LC95 -

300 -

- 1,095 ——

y o ——

LC9> ——

300 ——

Borne forwaid -

- £

VOL. 57.

5,618 ——

3,520 ——

Increase:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1801.

/\ s. d.

16,069 ——

5'2*4 S 7l

365 ——

2,221 ——

3,520 —

3,680 — -

2,225 ——

S-lf 4 5 7: 609 8 —

Decrease:

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16° Februarii,

continued.

(___________>

In the Yeir ending the Jth January 1801.

£ ' d-4,814 ——

} 4484 5 7i

| 2,303 13 71

£ * A

17,058 ti 4

1.495 ——

250 — —

£,618 — —

2,i25 — —

3,320 ——

1,495 ——

2,225 ——

5,250 ——

3O5 ——

4293 11 4

416 — ---

2,225 — —

365 ——

492 ——

2,225 -

484 ——

| 2,095 —

| 1,029 11 4!

| *S7 ——

I'

M95----

i>39S ——

I>395 ——

631166 11 4

3,320 ——

365 —

1.395 -

716 — —

2,225 ——

502 ——

1.355 ——

J 1,460 — —

| 716 ——

} 1,332 — —

611 — —

i,49S ——

53.505 10 8jj 19,091 10 8.

28,752 11 4

‘by

Appendix.

1802,

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16° Februa

continued

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Li {[ — ^continued.

THIRD CLAS S': — continued.

Brbught fofward

America -

Minister to the Landgrave of Hcfle Caflel

Chnful at Madrid -

Consul at Cadiz -

Consul at Carthagena -

Cor/ul at Genoa

Consul General at Morocco -

Consul at Tunis - -

Consul at Tripoli -D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements

£.?So

250

Consul at Zante ——

Consul at Algiers -

Extraordinary Disbursements

£.600 — 485 11 6

D°

D°

D®

D®

D3

Agent and Consul, Lower Saxony -

Consul at Gitend, Newport, and Bruges D° - at Massachusett's Bay -D° - at Naples - -

at Corunna and Carthagena -

at Tricfte ——

at Virginia ——

at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica at North and South Carolina and Georgia -Consul General to America - -

D° - - - to United States in D° -

D° - - - at Grand Cairo -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty's Service:

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain - -

D° - of the Lord Steward -

D3 ----- - - of the Matter of the Horse -

D° ----- -- of the Matter of the Robes -

D*

D°

D3 D°

----- - of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer

- - - - of the Ulher of the Receipt of D° -

for Printing, &c. ——

for Stationary for the IToufes of Lords and Commons of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes -

FIFTH CLASS;

The Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household:

£. ' *-

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer - - I>540 — —

Salaries to the Household ----- 15,204 4 __

Allowances to - D° - - - - 6,573 17 6

Board Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward - 740----

D° - - to the Chapels ----- 4,670 7 7.

Wages to the Chapels - - - - - - 415 ——

- 3,000 — —

- 23,673 5 9

600 ——

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer -Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain's Office -Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer

The Groom of the Stole, at - - D® - - - 2,000 —

12 Gentlemen ol His ivlkijesty's Bedchamber, paid at D® 12,000 — —

13 Grooms of - - - - D° - - - D° 6,500 —

Apothecary to His Majesty - D° 115 _

D° - - to the Household ----- - D° 53 6 8

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil Litt.

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£ ' 63,166 ri 4

400 —

1,000 — 200 — 300 - 250 — 800 — 500 — *

630 ——

In the Year ending the 5th January 1801.

£ ' J-

53,505 10 8|

1,085 11 6

200 — —

400

250

izo

200

1,000

350

70,852 2 IO

43,000

50,000 23,000 2,200 1,2CO 7,000 -7.OOOO -2,8GO I 1,000

147,200 ——

29.153 3 *

Salaries to the Office of Matter of the Horse -D*.....Matter of the Robes -

47,941 12 5

12,790 19 4

1,080 — —

90,965 15 5

4.685

5OO

1,000

200

300

25O

I,l80

SOO

83O

200

1,285 5

48O ---

800 — 4OO —

25O ---

SOO ---

250 —

800 ---

1,730 io

l>75° —

Increase:

Decrease;

In the Year e*ding the 5th January 1801,

71,996 s 8i

74,449 13 11!

85,147 8 4

33.182 10 8'

2.604 — 1,440 I I I

16,618 6 —

2.604 3 8

216,046 19 11

30,491 19 2

50,257 18

13,449 2

1,080 —

6

61

95.279 — 2\

£ ' d.

19,091 10 8|

4,685 — — 100 ——

380 ——

300 — —

2CO — — 2C0 -

*99 13 6 480 -

8co — —

1 70 -

800 — —

50 ——

800 — —

2*480 IO —

30,696 14 2\

3M V9 *3 35*47 8 10,182 IO

404 7

240 I I

9.618 6 —

87x42 16

£ d. 28,75211

200 —

230 — —

35O — —

29,552 II 4

7, COO — —

*95 *6 4

I l, COO ——

5? 16

i>338 '5 6

2,316 6 1

658 3 2?

4-«313 4 9i

j

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

SIXTH CLASS:

PENSIONS*

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasury -

formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions to lhe late Queen Caroline and late Princess of Wales's Servants -by Sign Manuals -by Patents and Privy Seals ->

D® - - to late Ministers at Foreign Courts -One Contingent Pension - - £. 2,680 — —

One - - D* - - - *800 ——

D°

D° -

R°- -

I> -

24.354 38,544

I 1,056 2,542

12,604 ——

8,975 ——

/. d. *4 — l9 —

o 4

11 —

3,480 ——

Annual County paid in the Office of the Lord Steward Quarterly Bounty - - - D° -

Com pen Patrons to Per Tons under the Lord Steward -to the Persons paid in his Office to Person* paid in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain -paid to the Office of Master of the

Horse - - £. 1,055 ——

- - D° - - 701 5 —

D® - -D®

Pensions in

,985 ——

C*9S ——

I>2I I ——

4-395 ——

5,487 11 4

Compensations in the Oflice of the Master of the Robes

L756

538

5 —

2 6

c

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries of other Place?, payable out of the Civil List Revenues:

Two Grooms of the Exchequer, at £. 1 per Annum each

Organ-blower at Whitehall Chapel -

Rent of Passage into Channel Row -

Sir lohn Hynde Cotton, cn a Perpetuity -

48 Kira's Watermen, at £.y 2. 6. a Year each - -

12 Pensionary D® ——

Clerics in the Pipe Office ——

D° - of the Pe!L in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pleas ——

Vicar of the Tower ——

Ufticr of the Exchequer ——

hdinirtcr of St. Botolph, Perpetuity -

Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office -

Or gam ft in Whitehall Chapel ——

Churchwardens of St. John's, Perpetuity -Secondare* in the Office of King's Remembrancer -D° - in the Office o Treasurer *i Remembrancer -Housekeeper at Westminster ——

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, 10 a Year each -A Person to lift the Water at the Treasury -UniverGty of O\rord, Perpetuity, for a Preacher -

D° - - of C.*mbrioge - D° - - D°

D° - - of - 1> - - - D® - - D9 Dt an and Chapter of Litchfield - - D°

Schojlmaster of Southwell - - Perpetuity -Reader at Whitehall Chapel D°

Clcilc u - - D® - - - D°....

Clerk of the House of Cominors D° -Clerk of the Office of Treasurer's Renembrancer -Churchwardens of St. Michael, Perpetai*y -University cl CambriJge, Divinity Lectures -

l)° - - of Oxford ---!>>....

icar of Litchfield - - D°

Emanuel College D '

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, u. a Day

Cteik of the Nichills ——

Porter of the Exchequer ——

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of Five Deer -

Four Pursuivants at Arms, £.20 each -

Clerk of the Eftrcats in the Common Pleas -

Advocate General ——

Under-Keepers of Cranborn Chace -

I hurchwardens of St. ?vlagnus, Lothbury, Perpetuity

Eight Herald*. /*. 26. 13. 4. each -

Second Secretary in Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office -

Turncock at St. James's ——

Cfficr Keeper to the Lord Chamber Iain's Office -A IVrfr >n to attend and wi*rk the great Water Engine at Windsor Cnftle J ine Garrett, th W° of j Person formerly employed in the said Oflice Keeper of the King's Swans ——

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List.

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

C- ' d.

iqi.557 4 4

Borne forward - -

In the Year ending the 5th January 1801.

£. s. d.

101,408 17 — |

Increase:

Decrease:

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16° Februa

cr nlinued.

In the Year ending the 5tu January iSci.

£ i. d. £. s. d.

\ f \ 1 1 18 12*231 6

1 UjUj I I u 9

118,189 3 2 113,64.0 3 9i

1 2

2 — — 2 — —

3 10 — 3 10 —

5 6 8 5 6 8

,5° — — 150 — —

37 10 — 37 10 —

4 11 8 4 11 8

5 — — 5 — —

6 10 6 10 —

6 *3 4 6 >3 4

6 7 *3 4 7

7 13 4 7 >3 4

8 — — 8 — —

7 »3 4 7 >3 4

8 — — 8 — —

9 — — 9 — —

9 2 6 9 2 6

2o — — 20 — —

lo — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

10 — — 10 — —

IO — — 10 — —

10 — — 10 — —

11 5 — 11 5 —

1 2 4 — 12 4 —

13 6 8 13 6 8

>3 6 8 13 6 8

>5 — — lS — —

16 13 4 16 13 4

18 5 — 18 5 —

20 — — 20 — —

20 — — 20 — —

20 — — 20 - — —

83 — — 80 — —

20 — — 20 — —

20 — —

20 — — 20 — —

21 4 8 21 4 8

213 6 8 213 6 8

26 13 4 26 *3 4

28 15 — 28 is —

30 — — 3° — —

3° — — 3o — —

30 — — 12 30 — ——

j 1,076 4 6 i,c8i 11 2

1+8 7 3$

4,400 t2 t

4.548 19 4{

6 13 4

12 ——

12 ——

6 >3 4

Vo L.

SI-

H

-by

Appendix,

(So.

16° Februa c$mt;uued.

Account* shewing the Charge of the Civil Lid — continued.

SEVENTH CLASS — contimud*

Brought forward -

24 Whitehall Preachers, £. 30 per Annum each -

Turncocks at Whitehall....

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, ^.31. 13/. 41/. each -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer....

Clerks of the Exchequer....

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 /. a Day -

Clerk of the Ordnance ——

Matter of the Temple ——

Plumber in the Office of Works ——

Three Kings at Arms, £.40 each ——

Ranger of Salcey Forest -

Professor of Physic, Oxford ——

D° - - of Law, - - D°

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer

Regius Professor of Laws, Cambridge ——

Professor of Physic,-- D* -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel ——

Messenger to the Order of the Bath ——

Keeper of the Engines -

Treasurer of the Ordnance ——

Comptroller of the Pipe ——

12 King's Counsel, at 40 each ——

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity....

The King's Organ Builder ——

Person for providing Strings for Mu ft cal Infiruments, kc. - -

Chamberkeeper to the Cockpit Rooms ——

Ranger of Windsor Forett, for Swanimote Courts -King's Heralds and Pnrfuivants at Arms, for Attendance on Feftival Days ——

King's First Serjeant -Eton College, Perpetuity -Office keeper to the Wardrobe 34 King's Messengers, A 45 each - -

Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2/. 6d. a Day each (Two) -Officekeeper and Necessary Woman to the Commissioners for the

Affairs of India, £. 48 each Gatekeeper in the Roaa to Fulham ——

Three Messengers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 50

each ....

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity - -

Engraver of Seals - - - .

King's Clerk in the Crown Office ——

Register of Loans ——

One Messenger to the Treasury ——

Principal Painter -

Storekeeper of the Ordnance, 3 /. a Day -

King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer ——

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy - -

Two Office Clerks of the Works - .

Messenger of the Press ——

Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Wardrobe ——

Labourers in Trust in the Office of Works -Carpenters and Joiners inD°

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance ——

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners ..

Officekeeper, Messenger, and Porter, in the Office of Works -Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Keeper of the Council Chamber ——

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court....

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 80 each -Ratkiller ——

Housekeeper to the Treasury ——

Ranger of St. James's Park ——

Attorney General ——

Register of the Order of the Bath -

Secretary to D# -

King at Arms D° -

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury -

Gentleman Uttier of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger of the Treasury Chambers

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer - -

Clerk of the Checque to the King's Messengers -

40 Gentlemen of the Band of Pensioners, £. 100 each -

Surveyor of the Woods . - ....

Gencalogid of the Order of the Btth. ——

Corporation of Lyme Regis -....

Borne forward -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Dccrcafc:

According to the In the Year In the Year ending the

Account laid before ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1801. 5th January 1801. 1 -

£ ' d- £. s. d. £. s. d. £ ' d.

1.076 4 6 1,081 it 2 12 — — 6 13 4

720 — — 720 ——

30 6 3 30 6 3 —

95 95

33 6 8 33 6 8 —

35 35 "

36 10 — 36 10 — — —

36 IO 36 10 — — —

37 6 8 37 6 8 ——

38 2 9 38 2 9 — —

120 120 —

40 4° "

40 40

40 40 —

40 4° — —

40 40 —

40 40 ""

40 40

40 4° r

40 40 —

40 40 ~

40 40 —

480 800 — — 320 —

40 40 — ~

40 40

40 40

40 60 20 — —

40 40

41 41 — —

41 6 10 41 6 10 — -

42 42 mmm

45 45 "

1,530 78 IS - - *»451 5 —

91 5 — 9« 5 —

96 - - 96

49 10 — 49 10 — mmm "

*5° 150

50 50 — *

50 50

50 50 —

50 50 —

50 - - 50

50 50 — — *

54 15 — 54 lS — — ~

55 17 4 55 *7 4

60 60 — *

120 — — 140 20 — — —

60 - - - - 60 —

64 2 1 64 2 1 — —

65 65 — ——

747 10 — 820 72 10 — —

195 1 6 205 11 6 10 10 — —

66 13 4 66 13 4 — .

70 70 ——

70 70 —

7a 17 9 72 17 9

73 - - - - 73

73 73

74 3 4 74 3 4 — "

160 — — - - l60 — —

80 80 — —

80 — — - - .8o

80 80 ——

81 6 8 8r 6 8 — —

90 90 — —

90 90 — —

90 90 —

90 - - 9° —

90 90 — —

90 16 8 90 16 &

9613 4 96 13 4 — —

9915 — ltd 10 — 18 15 —

4*000 4.oco —

ICO — — 100 — . — — -l

too — — 100 — — —

100 — — 100 — —

,3»J05 — 8 11,371 — 8 j 473 *5 " *.307 >5 —

Appendix.

761

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Lih-~contimud.

SEVENTH CLASS — continued.

Brought forward

Corporation of Lyr.*; Regis, for repairing the Pier -One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue Mini tiers of the Isle of Man -

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -Heirs of Colonel Fairfax, Perpetuity -

D# - of Nich* Yates, D*

Marshal of the Ceremonies ——

Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Poet Laureat ——

Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod ——

Eleven Mailers in Chancery, £. 100 each -

Garter King at Arms ——

Mailer of the Barges ——

12 Clerks of the Treasury ——

Four Clerks of the Council, £. too each -

Clerks of the Works for the 1 ower, Newmarket, Greenwich Hospital, and Wine heller ——

Professor of Botany, Cambridge

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. too. 7/. 6d. each - -

Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Chamberlains of the Exchequer - -

Clerk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Checque of the Band of Pensioners - - *

Assistant Mailer of the Ceremonies ——

Accomptant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India

Keeper of the Tennis Courts ——

Second Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Supervisor of the Work of digelling Records - -

Mailer of the Mechanics -

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer ——

Solicitor to thr Court of Exchequer ——

Auditors Clerks in the Court of Exchequer -

Keeper of Records at Whitehall ——

Mailer General of the Ordnance ——

Keeper of New Park, Richmond, for Self and Under-keepers -Governor of Wind for Cattle, igj. a Day -

Clerk of the Works for D®, Queen's Lodges, and some of the King's Houses in and about Windlbr -Knight Harbinger -

Keeper of the Bocks, &c. of Forfeited Estates King's Clockmaker, for e'eaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the fever.tl Palaces -B'shop of Chester, for Four Preachers - - - ,

Two Keepers of State Papers, £. 200 each 1 now Digesters More to them, for Clerks - - - - of Papers at

More to them, for Expences - - -,) Whitehall.

Clerk of e Works for Hampton Court, Palace Yard, Park, Gardens, and Buihy Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River ——

Utticr of the Black Rod -Clerk of the Works lor St. James's, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster -One of the Solicitors of the Treasury ——

Constable of J)<an Forett ——

R-fident Clerk of the Works ——

C erk of the Work for Queen's House, Carleton House, Mews, Ken-fmgton Palac?, ana King's Road ——

K'-'-per of the Lions ——

K eper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, ire. -hour L'rtki of the Council, £.250 each -

Ailronomer Rr val ——

('Ink of the Works, for Richmond, Kevv, and New Park Lodges -Four Mrflcngc'S of the Exchequer, on their Sala £. *58. 16/. 10 J. r ch -Cursitor Baron of the Evchequer -Warden of Waltham Torcil - -

Latin Secretary ——

Matter of the Ceremonies -Du - in l eu of Bills -Bntitti Mufccm, for Care of King's Libraries -Under l Jerks rf the Council, for Attendance on Matters of Trade hi tt Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Ore of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -bt.md ird Bearer of the Band of Pensioners -Resident k Jerk of the Wardrobe -

Examining Civ.k of the Works ——

C* rk of the PHls ——

Ci.rill's H fpiul - - .

Inspetlor of His Majesty 's Works, See. -

- £. zoo---

IOO

= -S

Borne forward -

Estimated Annual Charge of His M a j e st y's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the In the Year t — — t

Account laid before ending the In the Year ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1801. 5th Janoar y 1801.

£. x. d. £ '► £. s. d. £ ' d.

13,205 — 8 11,371 — 8 473 *5 — 2,307 >s —

IOO — — IOO —

100 IOO — —

IOO 100 ——

IOO IOO — —;

IOO IOO — —

IOO — — IOO — —

IOO 100 — —

IOO ICO — —

IOO IOO — —

IOO IOO ——

1,100 I, IOO — —

IOO 100 — —

100 160 — — 60 — — —

2,200 - - 4 - 2,200

400 — — 400 —

100 — — IOO — —

IOO 200 IOO mmm

903 7 6 1,003 15 — 100 7 6 —

103 — — 103 — —

104 6 8 104 6 8 — —

107 4 2 107 4 2 —

120 120 — . —

III 13 4 121 13 4 — —

*3° 130

132 3 4 3* 3 4 — —

150 ... - IS0

150 150 — —

! 50 150 — —

150 i?o — —

150 150 — —

156 10 — 156 10 — — —

160 — — 160 — —

*75 ,8 4 175 18 4 — —

178 10 — 178 10 — — —

182 10 — 182 10 —

180 180 — — —

193 16 8 j 195 16 8 — —

200 — 200 — —

200 200 — __

200 400 200 I "

200 — 200 > 770 30

200 200 -

200 — 200 — —

200 200 —

200 — 2 4 5i - 197 is 6i

210 210 — —

21 I 211 — — —

2 20 — 220 — — _ -

228 2 6 228 2 6 — —

230 5 6 - - - - 230 5 6

1,000 — 1,000 — —

320 320 — —

250 IS0 „ — —

1,035 7 4 1,035 7 4 — —

263 6 8 263 6 8 — —

270 — —

280 — — 280 — —

| 3 °° — 300 ——

300 300 ——

300 400 IOO —

300 - 3c#

300 300 — —

310 310 — —

318 - - 3,8 - —

355 355 — —

36715 367 «5 — —

370 10 — 370 10 — — —

400 — — 400 — —

32>345 7 8 27,315 I4 I 834 6 5,863

Appendix* (No. 23.) 16° Februar,

continued.

Vox.

(No. 23.)

16# Februa

continual.

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil Lid — continued.

SEVENTH CLAS S — <continued,.

Brought forward -

Professor of Modern History, Cambridge - -

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury - -

Chief Clerk ro the Coromiinoners for the Affairs of India Professor of Modern History, Oxford -

Examiner of Plays ——

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and at the Chapter House, Westminster; himself £.400, Clerks £. 500 Usher of the Exchequer, for 10 Watchmen and two Superintendants Auditor of the Exchequer ——

Officekerper of the Treasury for Attendants and Disbursements Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners ——

Keeper of Council Records ——

Riding Forester of New Forest ——

4 Under Secretaries of State, £. 500 each -

Keeper of Records in the Tower - - - , -

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works ——

Chancellor of the Garter ——

Officers of Windsor Forest ——

Clerk Affirtanu of the House of Commons -Under Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -Solicitor to D°

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest Captain of the Band of Pensioners Surveyor of Lands Mailer of the Hawks Ranger of Hyde and St. James's Parks Secretary to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Chief Justice in Eyre, North of Trent -Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office Lord Privy Seal ——

Chief Justice in Eyre, S° of Trent -

Lord President ——

Constable of Dover CafUe ——

Secretary of State ——

D‘....

Professor of Botany at Oxford, commenced 25th September 1792 Keeper House Park, Windsor, commenced 12th August 1788 -D° - - Outward Gate, Windsor Castle -Officers Committee of Trade ——

c

EIGHTH CLASS:

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury ——

First Commissioner of the Treasury ——

Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service ——

Home Secret Service ——

Special Service and Royal Bounty ——

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons ——

D° - - for Overpayments on their Accounts - "

Sundry Ministers, £. 20 each, for their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges -

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads ——

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts Extra Extraordinaries to - - - D° - -

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -DJ - -- -- - -- in Ireland -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy *

For D5 - - - of the Laity ——

Lord Almoner, for A'ms, &c.

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor -

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City -

Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal Office -

Ground Rent of Cumberland House -

Rent of Mote Park ——

Borne forward - - £

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty* Civil List. Increase: De:reafe:

According to the Account laid before In the Vear Ending the In the Yeir EnJing the

Parliament. 5th January 1801. ,5th January i8or. 1

£. s. d. Z £ * d- £. s. d.

32,345 7 8 *7.3*5 *4 834 2 6 5,863 16 — J

400 — — 400 —

400 - - 4co

400

400 400 — —

400 400 — —

400 400 — —

900 9OO - —

438 438 —

460 3 4 460 3 4 — —

480 — — - - 480

500 JOO ——

500 — — 500 — —

500 5OO — — —

2,000 2,000 —

500 — — 503 — — - -r-

510 — 510 — —

570 5 — 57° 5 — — —

587 911 587 9 11 —

600 — 600 — - ___

600 — — - - m _ 600 —

6co — — 6co

900 — — 600 300 — —

1,000 1,000 —

1,000 — — 1,000 — — . —

1,372 IO — 1,372 10 — —

1,582 17 6 1*73* *49 2 6 —

1,500 — — - - ,500 — —

1,666 13 4 2,250 583 6 8 —

2,000 2,000 — —

3,000 — 3,000 m^m _

3*4^6 13 4 3,46613 4 — —

4,000 _ 4,000 — — —

4,100 — — 4,100 , - .

5,680 — . — - 5,680 — —

5*6 80 - - 5,680 —

m m 200 — — 200

- - - 600 — — 600 —

25 25 —

— — 3>3S° 1 3*35° —

81,440 — 1 63.677 »S 8i 1 5 >74 11 8 23.50316 —

8,000 — 8,000 — —

4,022 4,022 -

1,800 1,800 — —

13.822 13,822 — —

2 5,000 25,000

lO.OCO 5,000 - 5,000

20,000 — . *3,000 6>>775 9 5 45*775 9 5

4,268 8*73*

3,000 1.93° 1 6| - 1,069 18 5;

2CO 40 - 160

10,000 2,500 —

2,806 I — - 2,8o6 I

2,500 1,201 13 9 ... 1,298 6 3

*2,000 12,000

2,000 3,oco 1,000 —

1,500 1.346 - - - 154

1,700 1,700

800 800 — —

1,7*8 4 — 1,718 4 — — —

6,87216 — 6,872 16 — —

1,119 1,119 — —

900 — — 9OO — —

1,000 1,000 — —

220 16 - 220 16 —

316 18 6 - - 316 18 6

3*5 '6 6 324 8 6 - 12 — —

1 ‘++77 i* - «3'.99S >3 3! 49.276 1 si 31,758 — 2*

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued\

OCCASIONAL PAYMENT S — continued.

Brought forward -

Chrlfea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury D° - - Kenfngton Palace and Garden -Expences of Windsor Great Park -F^ers, See. on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse -Contingent Expences of the Treasury -Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Contingencies D° - -- for Stationary

D* - -- for Messengers

Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons For the Relief of certain French Protestmts -Secretary of S ate, Home Department, for Contingencies D' - -- for Stationary -

D* - - -- - for Messengers -

Sec etary of S ate, War Department, for Contingencies -D* - -- for Stationary

D°.....for Messengers -

Contingent Expences of th- Office for India A&irs D° - - - for Committee for Trade and Plantations D° - - - of the Privy Soil Office - -

His Majesty's Charity to sundry Female Obj^ds in Distrrfs, paid at the Treasury ----- - £. 1,200 o

Fees, Sec on Receipt - - - - 32 13

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their return Home -Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts To the Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of London, for Import on Wine Vaudois Churches ——

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer and Officers of the Tally Court

To reimb'jrfe sundry Expences for His Majesty's Service

Police Offices ——

Presents to Foreign Ministers ——

Expences of St. James and Hyde Parks -Lord Salisbury, to pay Messengers Bills -Mrfllngers of the Exchequer on an Allowance - -

Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges Geo Attwood, Esq. for making Calculations for the Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

Wm Baldwin, Esq. as a Reward for his Advice as Council to Secretary of State ——

Ja* Wyatt, Esq. for the Purchase of old Houses at Windsor Mattw M *rtin. Esq. for the Relief of St Domingo Claimants -Mrs. hliz. Green, for Losses lulUined by her Uulband Nath1 Green,

in Italy ....

Chi' Mace, E q. for Indemnifications for Losses iuftained by him at A'giers ——

Contingent Expences of the State Paper Office -

c

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account Uid before Parliament.

£. s. d 114,477 —

52 14 — 150 ——

4,000 ——

1,741 12 —

2, COO ——

2,6oO ---- —

1,409 ——

500 -

2,000 — -

2,000 ——

2 5° ——

700 -- —

1.232 13 6

1,^00 ——

1,000 ---- —

500 ——

400 ——

218 8 8

98 14 —

1 »34S *0 4 300 ——

In the Year End.ng the 5th January 1801

£ ' d-13*995 «3 3i

S2 I4 —

150 ——

4,742 16 4

1,749

18,000 ——

2;, OOOO ——

M*5 ——

8.000 -

10,000 ——

4.000 -

4,000 ——

1,232 13 6

1,205 18 6

345 10 5°8 1 j 219 IOO 1,828

2 56

2

7 6 6 —

5 4 *4 " 17,277 18 3 9,728 3 2

13,621 19 —

‘ 887 3 4

1,306 4 4

474 11 4

2,240 ——

594 10 —

583 6 6

655 7 6

245 14 — 2,000 — —

850 3 —

217 3 5

*38.476 4 6 272,316 10

ABSTRACT:

Amount of the id Class ——

ad ——

3d....

4th ——

Stl»....

6th....

7 th -....

8th - - - - . - - -

Occasional Payment, ——

*03,500 ——

32,955 — — 70,852 2 10

147,200 ——

90,965 15 5 118,189 3 2

81,440 o 1

13,822 ——

138,476 4 6

897,400 6 o

216,046 19 11

1,082,233 15 3$

Increase: Decrease:

In the Year ! Ending the

5'h januar y 1801.

£ 4* £ ' '

49,276 si 31,758 — 2i

742 16 4 —

876 —

2,000

> 40,400 —

16 500 —

v 16,000 s —

2,000 —

3,094 6 io± —

700

294 I

: I,62J *7 —

[ - 154 9 10I

108 13 2 —

l8 IO —

2 2 —

482 15 — —

-. 43 6

17»*77 18 3 —

9,-»28 3 2 —

13,621 19 — —

887 3. 4 —

1,306 4 4 —

| 47+ n 4* —

2,240 —

594 10 — — \

583 6 6 —

655 7 6 —

24S *4 — —

2,000 — p — —

850 3 — —

83O.

I 217 3 5? _

171,290 3 1 3M49 *7 7

1,000 — —

1.144 2 *°3 *

68,846 19 11 —

r 4*3i3 4 9l

i - - - 4.548 19 4i

I A 17,762 4 4i

133,840 5 6 —

£ 208,144 13 — \ 23.311 3 9

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

160 Februariiy continued*

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 1 16th February 1802. J

N. Vansittart.

VOL. 57.

9 I

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

16° Februa

continued.

As ACCOUNT, Skewing the Charge of the CiyiL LIST, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786; and the Charge of the fame, ending the 5th Day of January 1802; with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family:

His Majesty's Privy Purse ——

The Queen ——

The Prince of Wales ——

The Duke of York, Prince William, and other Princes -The Duke of Cumberland ——

The Princess Amelia ——

Duke of York ——

The Prince of Wales, for the Support of the Princess Charlotte Duke of Cambridge - 1

Duke of Clarence - - - -

Duchess of Cumberland ——

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester; and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales:

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal Speaker of the House of Commons, ^.5 a Day - -

Judges of the Court of King's Bench ——

Judges of the Court of Common Pleas ——

Barons of the Exchequer - - - \ -

Chief Justice of Chester ——

Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales -

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries to Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts:

France:

Ambaffodor Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,

£. 100 a Week - - - 5,214 5 8

D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 1,600 — —

Secretary to the Embassy, 40 j. a Day - - 730 — —

D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 400 — —

Spain:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week -D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements -

Secretary to the Embassy, 40/. a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements -

5*2,4 1,600 — 730 — 400 —

5 8

Portugal:

Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day 2,920 — Dd - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 300 —

Secretary of Legation

Turin:

Envoy Extraordinary, ^.5 a Day Dw - Extraordinary Disbursements -

Nice: 1

Vice Consul ——

1,825 — 400 —

Naples:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day 2,920 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 400 — —

- Secretary of Legation ——

Florence:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, ^,8a Day 2,920 ——

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 400 — —

Borne forward -

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£ '

60,000 -

58,000 -

50,000 ——

14,500 ——

9,000 ——

12,000 -

203,500 ——

5,000 —

1,825 —

8.500 ---

7>5°° —

6.500 — 730 —

2,900 —

3*,9S5 ——

7>944 5 8

7>944 5 8

3,220 ——

2,225 — — 340 ——

3,320 ——

3,320 ——

28,313 4

In the Year ending the 5th January 1802.

£ /. d.

60.000 — ___

58.000 -

60.000 -

12,000 _____

6.000 ______

6.000 __ __

2»5oo_______

4»oooo_______

208,500 ______

5>oooo ___ __

''8*S - -

8>SOo_______

7>5oo ——

.6>Soo_______

730 ——

2»90o __

3 2,95 5 ——

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1802.

£. /. d.

10,000 ——

12,000

6.000

6.000 2,500

4.000

40,500 ——

/. d.

14,500 9,000 1 2,000

35,500 ——

3»6z

9 3 4

‘*395 ——

2 *95 3 18 — *59 ——

3.32o_______

534 3 4

l,'S82

534 3 4

7.944 5 8

7,944 S 8

83O --- —

34° ——

207 2 —

>7.26513 4

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil IAk — contimud.

THIRD CLAS$:-fw//W.

Brought forward -

Venice:

Resident. /".3 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ♦

Swiss Cantons:

Charge dcs Affaires ....

- -£-

lt09S ——

400 — —

Constantinople:

Ambassador, 1 Day Secretary Legation -Secretary of Emhafly

Holland:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 10 a Day 3,650 — —

D® - Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,600 — —

Deputy Conservator at Campvere - - - - 120 — —

His Majesty's Agent at Rotterdam - 248 —

Vienna:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 a Day 2,920 — — D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - 600 — —

Secretary of Legation

Brussels:

nift< __

D# - Extraordinary Disbursements

Minister^Plenipotentiary, £. c a Day -buriem<

- 1,825 ——

400 — —

RuflU:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,£. 8 a Day 2,920 — — D* - Extraordinary Disbursements - 600 ——

Secreury of Legation Secretary of Kmbafly D* - for Disbursemenu

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day D* - Extraordinary Disbursements -Secreury of Legation ——

Sweden:

Envoy F xtraordinary at Stockholm, £.5 a Day D* - Extraordinary Disbursements -

2,920

400

360

1,825

400

Secretary of Legation Charge dcs Affaires

Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements -

Poland:

Minister at Warsaw. £. 3 a Day - -

D® - Extraordinary Disbursements -

J)refden:

Lnvpy Extraordinary, £. 5 a Day -D° - Extraoidmary Difourfements -

Secretary of Legation - -

Hans Towns:

Minister, £. 3 a Day ——

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements -

F.lector Palatine:

Minister at Rati «b on, £. 7 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements -

2,920

400

1,095

400

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£ ' -/ 28,313 ii 4

M9S —

250 —

1,095 ——

5,618 — —

3,5*° ——

In the Year ending the 5th January 1802.

£. ' a

11,582 1 4

2,225 ——

3*5*0 ——

3,680 — —

2,225 ——

1,825

400

1,095

300

*,095

300

Charge dcs Affaires -Secretary of Legation

Eleflor of Cclogne:

Mini.lcr, £. 3 a Day -D# - Extraordinary Disbursements

Congress at Arr.ier.s: Secretary of Iyguion Affiiiant Secretary -

1,095 — 300 —

Borne forward -

3,320 ——

*>495 ——

2,225 — —

1 >395 -

r>395 ——

5»2,4 5 *

365 ——

662 19 4

Increase:

S»657 9x

588 11 8£

6,494 5i

365 ——

5* ——

*84 12 3!

5,318 5 8

213 17 9

365 ——

178 ——

213 17 9

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January 1802, __________I__________;

£ ' d.

534 3 4

5»*47 5 —

£ s. d.

17,265 13 4

'>495

250

| 2,725 14 6

1

4*HS >4 9s

1,638 5 8

*395 ——

63,166 11 4

3,320 — 365 —

,*>395 ——

2,225 — —

320 ——

1,242 ——

130 — —

93 7 9i

47iI,5 4 7

J M6° ~ "

5,618 — —

2,225 — —

1,4.68 2 3

3,106 2 3

M9S----

1,150 — —

| 223 7 9i

17,024 11 1

153 ——

33.075 *7 »°

VOL. 57.

Appendix, (No. 23.)

16° Febrttariiy

continued.

1 , _ ->

7 66

Appendix

Appendix, (No. 23.) 16® Februarii,

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continueJ.

THIRD CLASS ^continued.

Brought forward -

America ——

Minister to the Landgrave of Heffc Cartel Consul at Madrid ..

Consul at Cadiz -

Consul at Carthagena -

Consul at Genoa - -

Consul General at Morocco -

Consul at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli -D° - - - - Extra Disbursements -

- £38°

250

Consul at Zante Consul at Algiers

Extra Disbursements -

£ 600 ——

485 11 6

Agent and Consul, Lower Saxony -Consul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges D° - at M iflachufett's Bay ..

D° - at Naples ——

D# - at Corunna and Carthagena -

D° - at Triclle ——

D° - at Virginia ——

D° - at Majorca, Minorca, and Ivica D° - at North and South Carolina and Georgia -Consul General to America -D° - to United Stares in D°

D° - at Grand Cairo -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty's Service:

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain -D° ----- -- of the Lord Steward - -

D°. ----- - of the Mafic r of the Horse -

D° - - - - of the Mailer of the Robes -

D° ----- -- of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

D°.....of the Usher of the Receipt of D° -

D* - for Printing, &c. ——

D° - for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons -D# of the Tradesmen to the Young Princes -

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household:

.The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer Salaries to the Household -Allowances to - D°

Bo rrd Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward D° - - - to the Chapels -

Wages to the Chapels -

£. s. J.

1,540 ——

15,204 4 —

6,573 »7 6

740 ——

4»679 7 7

4*5 *4 7

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer Salaries in the Lord Cr.amberlain's OlHcc Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer The Groom of the Stole, at - - D°

12 Gentlemen of tiis Majesty's Bedchamber, paid at D°

13 Grooms of - --- D° ----- -D°

Apothecary to His Majesty ----- -- D°

D° - - to the Household ----- - D°

Salaries to the Office of Mafler of the Horse -Du - to the Office of Mailer of the Robes -

3.000 -

23.673 5 9

600 ——

2.000 ——

I 2,000 -

6.5CO -

115 ——

53 6 8

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the In the Year r V e

Account laid before Ending the an me 1 car ending

Parliament. 5th January 1802. 5th Januj iry 1802.

£. C * d' £. s. 4. £. s. 4.

63,(66 11 4 47»««S 4 7 17,024 11 1 33,07? «7 IO

4,685 4,685 ' —

400 211 6 91 - 188 13 3»

1,000 1,000 — """

200 200 — — —

3OO — 300 — '

25O 250 —

800 1,180 380 —

500 800 — — 300

630 830 — 200 —

200 — — 200

1,085 11 6 1,252 — 6 l66 9 — —

480 480 —

200 - - 200 "

800 — — 800 — —

400 400 —

250 - - 25O

120 — — 250 130 "

800 800 —

200 250 50 —

- 800 800 — —

1,000 1,730 10 — { 2,480 lO —

— — - 1,750 3 T

3>° - - - - 35°

70,852 2 10 65,284 1 lof 28,496 10 1 34,064 II i

43,000 78,541 6 — I 35,541 6 — 1

50,000 83.363 6 6f 33,363 6 6 —

23,000 — — 29.164 16 6 6,164 16 6 —

2,200 — — 3.483 14 — 1,283 14 — —

1,200 1.365 10 4 365 10 4 —

7,000 — — - 7,000 —

7,000 — — 19.432 12 9 12,432 12 9 — *

2,800 3«56' 3 'i 761 3 ii — '*

11,000 - - 11,000 — —

147,200 219,112 9 3 89,912 9 3! 18,000

- a9>'53 3 8 30,520 4 8 1,367 1 — —

- 47,9-M 12 5 / 5°,97S — 3:033 8 7

12,790 19 4 13,219 3 — 428 3 8 —

1,080 — — 1 0S0 — — — *

90,963 15 5 95.794 8 8 4,82813 3 —

i 1

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List-7-continued.

SIXTH CLASS:

PENSIONS:

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasiiry ... 24»3S4 T4 " D0 - - formerly paid by the Paymaster of Pensions 38*544 19 — D° — to the late Queen Caroline, and late Phncefs of Wales's Servants - -

D° - - by Sign Manuals - - '

D# - - by Patents and Privy Seals

D° - - to late Ministers at Foreign Courts -One Contingent Pension - - £.2,680 — —

One - D® - - - 800 — —

11,056 o 4 2,54a 11 —

12,604 ——

8.975 ——

3,480 ——

Annual Bounty paid in the Office of the Lord Steward Quarterly Bounty - - - D° -

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward -D° - - - to the Persons paid in his Office I)* - - - to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain -D° - - - paid in the Office of Master of the

Horse - - £.1,0 55 ——

Pensions in - - - D° - - 701 5 —

Compensations in the Office of the Master of the Robes

»>98S ——

f,i95 ——

1,211 — —

4>395 ——

5,487 11 4

1*756 5 —

538 2 6

SEVENTH CLASS:

Two Grooms of the Exchequer, at £. 1 per Annum each Organ-blower at Whitehall Chapel ..

Rent of Passage into Channel Row -

Sir John Hynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity -

48 King's Watermen, at £.3. 2. 6. a Year each

12 Pensionary DJ ——

Clerks in the Pipe Office ——

D° - of the Pells in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pleas ——

Vicar of the To ver ——

Uiher of the Exchequer ——

Mimfler of St. Botolph, Perpetuity -Clerk* in the king's Remembrancer's Office -Organist in Whitehall Chapel

Churchwardens of St. John's, P Tpetuitv Secretaries in the Office of King's Remembrancer -D* - - in the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Koufekeeper at Westminster -

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office, £. 10 a Year each -A P son to lift the Water at the Treasury -Uit/verliiy of Ox ord. Perpetuity, for a Preacher -D° - - ridge, D° - - - 1)° -

D - - of - D* - - D3 - - - D° -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - - D° -

School master of Southwell - Perpetuity -

Reader at Whitehall Chapel D° - -

Clerk at - - I> - - D° -

Clcik of the House of Commons D°

Clerks of the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer - -

Churchwardens of St. Michael, Perpetuity -University of Can.bridge, Divinity Le&urcs -DJ - - of Oxford - - D° - - D°

Vicar of Litchlicld - - - D° -Emanuel College - - - D3 -Cle k of the Deliveries in the Ordnance, is. clerks of the Nichells -

Porter of the Exchequer ——

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of 5 Deer -Four Purluivants at Arms, £.20 each -Clerks of the Ldrcats in the Common Pleas -Advocate General ——

Unde.keepers of Crankom Chace -Churchwarden: of St. Magnus Lcthhury, Perpetuity Light Heralds, /. 26. 13. 4. each -Second secretary ;n Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office -Turncock at S:. James's

Day

Officekeeper to the Lord Chamberlain'* Office

1 a vie Garrett, t keeper of the Ki

Vol. 57.

W of a Pei ton formerly employed in the Laid Office

,.g s Swans ——

Boinc forward - - £.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the In the Year In the Year ending the

Account laid before ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1802. 5th Janua S 1 / > ry 1802. > t

£. £ * £ £. s.

L v M j.

\ . s'

I 9 m — —

— — 1

\ IOI.SS7 4 4 !07,244 II 9I 5.687 7 5+ \

16,631 18 10 - 1 12,043 16 10 4,588 2 — A

118,189 3 2 119,288 8 7! 5,687 7 5! 4.588 —

- #' ~ % j / .

2 — 2 — — —

2 2 ——

3 10 — 3 10- — —

568 568 — —

150 150 — -

37 — 37 10 — —

4 11 8 4118 — —

5 5 ——

6 10 — 6 10 — — —

6 13 4 6 13 4 —

6134 - 6 13 4

7 7 —

7 13 4 7'3 4

8 8

7 *3 4 7 >3 4 —

8 8 — —

9 9 — *

926 9 2 6 —

20 20 —

10 IO — —

10 10 — — -

10 IO — *"

10 IO — ___ 1

10 IO — —

10 IO — — -

10 IO — —

10 IO — — —

10 IO — —

11 5 — 11 5 — —

124 — 12 4 —

13 6 8 13 6 8 — ""

13 6 8 1368 —

15 , 15 "

16 13 4 1 >6-3 4 —

18 5 - 18 5 — — ""*

20 20

20 20

20 20

80 80 —

20 20 —

20 20 — —

20 20 — "

21 4 8 21 48 —

213 6 8 213 6 8 —

26 13 4 26 I 3 4 —

28 15 — 28 15 - *

30 30 *r

30 30

- 12 12 t %

30 30

1,076 4 6 1 I,o8l II 2 IZ — 1 9 K- 6 13 4

Appendix*

(No. 23.)

16° Febru#t'H*

continued.

Appendix, (No. 23.) j 6° Februariiy

continued.

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List-' — continued.

SEVENTH CLASS-^/W.

Brought forward -

14 Whitehall Preachers, jT. 30 per Annum each

Turncocks at Whitehall -

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, £.31. 13. 4. each

Senior Teller of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer - -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2/. a Day

Clerk of the Ordnance ——

Mailer of the Temple ——

Plumber in the Office of Works -

Three Kings at Arms, £. 40 each - -

Ranger of Salcey ? crcft ——

Proleffor of Phvfic at Oxford -D° - of Law - at D* -Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer - -Regius Professor of Laws, Cambridge -Professor cf Physic - - - D° -Reader at Hampton Court Chapel -Messenger to the Order of the Bath -Keeper of all the Engines -Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Comptroller of the Pipe ——

Twelve King's Council, at /. 40 each -Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity -The King's Organ-builder ——

Person for providing Strings for Musical Instruments, &c.

Chamberkeeper to the Cockpit Rooms -

Ranger of Windsor Ford!, for Swannimote Courts -

Days ——

King's First Serjeant ——

Eton College, Perpetuity ——

Officekeepi r to the Wardrobe ——

Thirty four King's Mefiengrrs, £. 45 each -Keepers of the Council Chamber, 2j. 6d. a Day each (Two) -Officekeeper and Necessary Woman to the Commissioners for the Aff.iirs of India, £. 48 each ——

Gatekeeper in the Road to Fulham ——

Three Messengers to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, /. co

each.....-

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity w ——

Engraver of Seals -

King's Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Register of Loans ——

One Messenger to the Treasury....

Principal Painter - - , -

Storekeeper of the Ordnance, 3/. a Day -

King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy -

Two Office Clerks of the Works, £. 60 each -

Messenger of the Press ——

Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Wardrobe ——

Labourers in Trull in the Office of Works - -

Carpenters and Joiners inD° ——

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance ——

Solicitor General ——

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners -

Officekeeper, Messenger, and Porter, in the Office of Works - '-

Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Council Chamber -y

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court -

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 80 each -

Ratkiller ——

Housekee per to the Treasury ——

Ranger of St. James's Park ——

Attorney General ——

Regiller of the Order of the Bath ——

Secretary to D° -

King at Arms - - - . - - - *-

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury

Gentleman Usher of the Order of the Bath -

Messenger of the Treasury Chambers ——

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer - -

Clerk of the Cheque to the King's Messengers - -

Forty Gentlemen Band of Pensioners, £. 100 each -

Surveyor of the Woods ——

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath - -

Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

Borne forward - - £.

Estimated Annual Charge

of His Majesty's Civil List:

According to the In the Year

Account laid before ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1S02,

£ d. £ d.

1,076 4 6 1,081 II 2

- 720 — — 720 *-

u> 0 ON U 30 6 3

95 — ~ 95

33 6 8 33 6 8

35 35

5610 — 36 10 —

36 10 — 36 10 —

37 6 8 37 6 8

38 2 9 38 2 9

120 120

40 40

4o 40

40 40

40 40

4o 40

4o 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

480 800 — —

40 — - 40

40 40

40 40

40 60

40 40

41 41 '

41 6 10 41 6 10

42 42

45 45

1,550 78 15 —

91 5 — 9i 5 —

96 -

49 10 — 49 10 ~

150 -

So 50

50 50

50 50

50 CO — — 50

50 50

54 15 — 54 *5 —

55 l7 4 55 >7 4

60 — — 60 — —

120 140

60 — — - 64 2 1 64 2 1

65 65

747 10 — 857 10 —

195 1 6 203 11 6

66 *3 4 66 13 4

70 70

70 70

72 17 9 72 17 9

73

73 ' 73 — —

74 3 4 74 3 4

160

80 Q _ 80

oO — — 80 80

81 6 8 81 6 8

90 90

90 90

90 00 — 90

s° — — 90

90 16 8 -

96 13 4 96 *3 4

99 *5 — 124 15 —

4,000 4,000

103 100

100 100

IOO 100 —

Increase:

Decrease:

In the Year ending the 5th January iSoi.

£ ' d. 1 z -

320 ——

20 — —

13,205 — 8

11,4*4 >S 8

£ J. 6 13 4

20 — —

[ 10 — 1 o 10

25 ——

Jl? 10 —

5 -

150 ——

50 ——

60 — —

73 ——

160 — — 80 — —

90 16 8

z,3°7 »5 —

r

4z Geo. Ill

Appendix

769

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

SEVENTH CLASS — continued.

Brought forward -

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Pier - - - u

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue - -

Minister of the Isle of Man ——

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge -Heirs of Col. Fairfax, Perpetuity - -

D° - of Nich* Yates, — D°

Marftial of thr Ceremonies ——

Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Poet Laureat ——

Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod ——

Eleven Mailers in Chancery, £. 100 each -

Garter King at Arms ——

Master of the Barges. ——

Twenty-two Clerks in the Treasury ——

Four Clerks of the Council, jT. 100 each -

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich Hospital, and Winchester ——

Professor of Botany, Cambridge ——

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. 100. 7/. 6d. each -

AiTistant Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Chamberlains of the Exchequer ——

Clerk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Pensioners -

Afiillant Matte*- of the Ceremonies ——

Accomptant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Keeper of the Tennis courts ——

Second Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Supervisor of the Work of Digeiling Records - -

M after of the Mechanics ——

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer ——

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer ——

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer ——

Keepers of the Records at Whitehall ——

Mailer General of the Ordnance ----- - 1-

Xeeper of New Park, Richmond, for Self and Under-keepers -Governor of Windsor Castle, 10/. a Day ——

Clerk of the Works for D°, Queen's Lodges, and some of the King's Houses in and about Windsor ——

Knight Harbinger ——

Keeper of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates -

King's Clock maker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces ——

Bishop of Cheller, for Four Preachers ——

Two Keepers of State Papers, £. 200 each -

More to th-m, for Clerks ——

More to them, for Expences ——

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court Palace, Yard, Park, Gardens, and Buihy Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River -Ulher of t^e Black Rod ——

Clerk of the Works for St James's, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavement about Whitehall and Westminster -One of tire Solicitors of the Treasury ——

Constable of Dean Forest ——

Residen* Clerk of the Wv,rks....

Clerk of the Works for Queen's House, Carleton House, Mews, Ken-fington Palace, and King's Road ——

Keeper of the Lions ——

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, See. -

Four Clerks of the Council, £. 250 each -

Astronomer Royal ——

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Kew, and New Park Lodge Four Messengers of the Exchequer, on their Salaries and Allowances, /'.25s. 16/. io</. each ——

Curator Baron of the Exchequer ——

Warden of Waltham Forest ——

Latin Secretary ——

Mailer of the Ceremonies - - - £. zoo — — ?

D* - - in lieu of Bills ----- |Qo — — 3

British Museum, for Care of King's Libraries -

Under Clerks of the Council, for Attendance on Matters of Trade -

First Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India - -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -

Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners -

Rehdent Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

F>ii mining Clerk of the Works ——

Clerk of the Pells ——

Christ's Hospital ——

Iofpt&or of His Majesty's Works, &c« ——

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List:

Borne forward - - £»

Vol. 57.

According to the Account laid before Parliament. In the Year ending the 5th January 180a.

£ * / d.

I3.20J — 8 1 MM lS 8

IOO — 100

IOO — IOO

100 IOO — —

100 IOO —

IOO IOO —

100 — IOO

IOO — — IOO

IOO IOO —

100 IOO —

100 — — IOO

I, Ioc 1,100 —

ICO IOO — —

ICO 1S0

2,200 -

400 400

100 — IOO

100 200

9D3 7 6 1,003 15 —

103

104 6 8 104 6 8

xo7 4 2 107 4 2

120 120

121 13 4 121 13 4

130 -

*32 3 4 *32 3 4

150 - - -1

150 150 — — !

150 150

150 150

150 150

156 10 — 156 10 —

160 — r — 160 — —

175 18 4 175 18 4

178 10 — 173 10 —

182 io — 182 10 —

18o — — 180 — —

195 16 8 195 16 8

200 — — 200 — —

200 200

200 — — 200

N > 8 8 1 1 1 1 £ 770 —

200 s

200 200 —

200 200 — —

200 — 200

200 — — -

2 IO 210 —

21 I — — 2 I I

220 — — 220 |

228 2 6 228 2 6 |

230 5 6 -

1,000 1,000

320 320

25O 2$0

1*03 5 7 4 1*035 7 4

263 6 8 263 6 8

270 — — 270 — — ,

280 280

300 300 — —

300 — — 300

300 400 — —

300 -

3co 300

310 316

318 — I

3SS 3<o 1

367 15 — 367 15 —

370 IO 370 10 —

' 400 — — 400 — —;

3 *>345 7 8 *7*377 4 8

Increase:

Decrease;

la the Year ending the 5th January 1S02.

£ ' 517 \o —

£ ' <* 2.307 15 —

80 ——

IOO ---- —

100 7 6

100 ——

897 «7 6

2,200 — —

I3O

*5°

30 ——

200 — —

230 5 6

300 — — 318 ——

5,866 — 6

Appendix-'

(No. 23.)

16" Februarii,

continued.

Appendix, (No. 23.)

16' Fdbruariiy

continued

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

SEVENTH CLAS S — continued\

Brought forward -

Professor of Modern History, Cambridge -

Keeper of Books and Papers, Treasury -

Chief Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Professor of Modern Hillory, Oxford ——

Examiner of Plays - - .

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue r

Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of Exchequer, and at the Chapter House, Westminster; himself £.400; Clerks £. $co Usher of the Exchequer, for 10 Watchmen and 2 Superintend ants -Auditor of the Exchequer -

Officekeeper of the Treasury, for Attendants and Disbursements Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners ——

Keeper of the Council Records ——

Riding Forcfter of New Forest ——

Four Under Secretaries of State, £. 500 each

Keeper of Records in the Tower ——

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works -

Chancellor of the Garter ——

Officers of Windsor Forest ——

Clerk Aff flams of the House of Commons - -

Under Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Solicitor to D° - - - .

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest ——

Captain of the Band of Pensioners

Surveyor of Lands ——

M after of the Hawks ——

Ranger of Hyue and St. James's Parks....

Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India - - .

Chief Justice in Eyre, N° of Trent ——

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office -

Lord Privy Seal ——

Chief Justice in Eyre, Sa of Trent ——

Lord Pr dident -

Constable of Dover Castle -

Secretary of State ——

D° - - D°

Professor of Botany at Oxford Keeper House Park, Windsor D° - - Outward Gate, Windsor Castle Officers Committee of Trade

EIGHTH CLASS:

of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury First Commissioner of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service ——

Home Secret Service ——

Special Service and Royal Bounty -

Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons - -

D° - - for Overpayments on their Accounts -Sundry Ministers, £ 20 each, for their Passage to the Plantations Law Charges ——

A Horse Patrol for the different Roads -Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -Mefl'engers Bills for Foreign Journies -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -Extra Extraordinaries to D° - -

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -D° - -- -in Ireland -For the Relief of the poor French Protestant Clergf

For D° ----- --of the Laity -

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. ——

Archbishop of York, for Charities, and Arabic Professor

Chamberlain of London, for Poor of said City

Rent and "Faxes of Privy Seal Office -

Ground Rent of Cumberland House - -

Rent of Mote Park ——

Borne forward -

- c-

4. Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil List: Increase: Decrease:

According to the In the Year

Account bid before Ending the In the Year Ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1802. 5th Januar y 1S02.

£ d. £ £ ' d- L- i.

32,3-15 7 8 27.577 '4 8 897 17 6 5,865 — 6

400 400 — —

400 — — - 4C0 — —

400 - - 400 —

4OO — — 400 . —

4CO — — 4OO 1 —

4OO — — 4OO — — —

900 9CO — —

438 438 — —

460 3 4 460 3 4 — —

480 — — - 480 — —

5CO 5CO — —

5OO — — 500 — —

500 — — 500 — —

2,000 - - - 2,000 — —

500 5OO — — —

5IO 510 — —

570 5 — 57° 5 — —

587 9 ti 587 9 11 — —

6co boo ——

600 — — - - 6c 0 — —

600 - . 600 — —

900 — — 600 — — . 3co

1,000 — 1,000 — — ' —

1,000 — 1,000 — —

1,372 10 — 1,372 10 — — —

1,582 17 6 I,732 149 2 6 —

1,500 - - 1,300 — —

1,666 13 4 2,250 583 6 8 —

2,000 — — 2,000 — — —

3,000 — - — 3,000 ——

3.46613 4 3,46613 4 — —

4,000 — — 4,000 ——

4,100 4,100 ——

5,680 — — - 5,680 — —

5,680 - - w 5,680 — —

200 200 — —

600 — — 600 — —

- - - 25 25 —

- 3'35o 3.35° — *

81,440 — r 63,739 6 3 5,805 6 8 23,506 — 6

5 8,oco — — 8,oco -

4,02a 4,022 — —

1,800 — — i,8oo — — —

13,822 — 13,822 . — —

25,000 — — 25,000 — —

10,000 10,000 — — —

- 20,000 70,668 13 1^ r 50,668 13 13 r __ i

13000 — — 12,340 - 660 — — 1.944 8 9

3,000 — — 1,055 i* 3 -

200 — 80 - 120 — —

7,500 5,coo - 2,500

2,806 I — . - - 2,806 i —

2,500 — — *>355 12 3 - 1,144 7 9

12,000 - 12,000 — —

2,000 4,700 - — . 2,700 —

" 1,500 102 19 ii - 1.397 - 1

1,700 1,700 — —

800 — goo — —

1,718 4 — 1.718 4 — — —

6,872 l6 6,872 16 — — —

1,1 19 — 1,119 — — -

" 9CO 900 ——

1,000 , 1,000 — —

220 16 - - - 220 16 —

316 18 6 - - 316 18 6

323 16 6 324 8 6 __ 12 »

' 114*477 — H4.737 s — k 53.369 5 1 1 23.109 12 i

42, Geo. lit*

Appendix;

77*

Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List — continued.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENT S — continued.

Brought forward

Chelsea Waterworks for supplying the Treasury -

I)1- - - -- - Kensington Palace and Garden

Evpences of Windsor Gr'-at Park ——

fees, Ac. on Receipt of His Ma'eiiv's Privy Purse Con'ingcnt I x-rnces of the Treasury -

Stcr<*tajy of S;ate, foreign Department, for Contingencies D° .....r - for Stationary

I) ° - -- - ior Mefitngers

Orhcers of th* Houses of Lords and Commons - -

for the Rel.rfi.l ceruin French Protclu-.ts

£>; cretary of Sr.ue, H.me Derailment, fur Contingencies

J) ° - -- - for tationary

I)° - -- -for Messengers

D° - - - -- .- -for Land 'fax

Secretary of State, War Department, for Contingencies J>* ----- ----- for Stationary

D® ----- ----- (or Messengers

D° - -- - for Lan \ Tax

Contingent Expences of the Office for India A flairs - -

DJ - - - of Committee for Tr. d‘ and Plantations

D° - - - of the Privy Seal Orcice -

His M Vfiy's C arity to fu. Jry French Objects in Distress, paid at the Treasury ----- - £.1,200 o

Fees &c. on the Receipt of that

3* 13

Prcicnts to Foreign Mimfters on their return Home S^rja.-.j.ts at Arms to the House of Commons, *0; Necefiaries -Governor o. the Isle of Wight, for Surnlulage in t is Accounts Speaker of the Hou.e of Commons, foe Eq npage Chairman of the Sessions ut \\ eftn inller. to Do'tiers B.itiitf of the Tower, for Coming.re Dilbu. iements Mayor, Aldcimen, Sheriffs of London, for Impotlon Wine Vaudois Churches ——

To reimburse lundry Expences for His Majesty's Service Police Others ——

Presents to Foreign Mini Tiers ——

Evpences of St. James and Hyde Parks -Lord Sail (bury, to p v Mtfkrgers Bills -Messengers of the Exchequer, on an Allowance -Officers of the 'Pally Court, for levying Tallies -

Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, Riding Charges -Contingent Expences of the State Paper Ofhcc -Representatives of T. Major, for Engraving Seals James Wyatt, Esq. towards cni.b ir^ itn to complete the E chifcnient of certain Estates h *ld b*. i 1 is Majesty at Windsor James Mcheux, Eh], to pay the Expence of Two Commissionthe Appuin ment of a Prcliacnt and Commissioners for the i

of Ir

House of Commons at Ins Nomination to that Orlice Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for incidental Expences

ABSTRACT:

Amount of the ift Class 21

3-1 - *

4th -

5 ti» -

6:h - -

;th - -

/ *

Sth - -

Occasional Payments -

Estimated Annual Charge I

of His Majesty's Civil List: I Increase: Dccrease: *

According to the In the Year 1 V-

Acfcount laid before ending the In the Year ending the

Parliament. 5th January 1802. 5ih January 1802.

£ £. /. d £ > i. I £ * *

114,477 12 — *44*737 5 — t 53>369 S ! 23,*09 la i

J2 14 — 5* 14 ——

I JO 150 — — -

4.000 — 4,742 16 4 742 16 4 —

i,74» — 1,749 *9 6 876 —

2,000 — — - - 2,000 —

20,000 I f„

2 6co — — - j i7»4°o ✓ "

- 15,000 15*000 — — —

i>4c9 2,547 1,138 —

00 - - 5OO —

10,500 — — 7

2,000 — — V 16,000 —

- 7»5°o

- 3,000 — — 7

- - - f 5,000 — — —

- - - 2,000 3

2,000 - - 2,000 —

250 — — 3>49° l7 3 3,240 17 3 —

700 — — - 700

[ M32 >3 6 1,232 13 6 — . —

1,500 2,999 13 — M99 J3 — —

1,000 1,372 4 2 372 4 2 — -

500 — — 697 1 -i 197 1 — i —

- 1,000 — — 1,000 — — —

218 8 8 219 7 6 — 18 10 —

400 — — 728 12 10 328 12 10 —

9814 — 100 16 — 2 2 — —

1,34510 4 1,828 5 4 482 15 — —

rt 300 247 2 9 5a l7 i

8,476 3 3I 8.476 3 35

9,648 14 — 9*648 14 — —

- 10,691 IO — 10,691 10 — —

585 H 3 585 «4 3 —

- - 1,428 9 11 1,428 9 11 —

- 480 5 — 480 5 — —

- 3,122 2 — 3.122 2 — —

- 5*5 1 515 —

- - - 531 io- 9l 53* io 9I —

- - - - 795 8 4i 795 8 4i v f

>r s 691 6 6 691 6 6 —

e 604 8 — 604 8 — —

1,301 8 — 1,301 8 — —

- - - 488 4 2i 488 4 2 J

138,476 4 6 265,256 12 7I ,5S>,42 17 \ 28,362 9 4

- 203,500 1208,500 — — 'll sz z 5,000

- 3*>9SS 32,955 — —

65,284 1 10 1 i 5,568 — nk

- 147,200 219,112 9 3 1 71,91a 9 3 i —

95,794 8 8 4,828 13 3 —

- 118,189 3 2 119,288 8 7 J 1,099 5 5 i ' —

- 81,440 I 63»739 6 3 - 17,700 13 10

13,822 —

- 138,476 4 6 > 265,256 12 7 i *26,780 8 1 1 — p*

£ 897,400 6 — >>083,752 7 3 I- 209,620 16 — I 23*268 *4 9

Append) k,

{No. 23.)

[6U Februa

continued.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, i61 h February 1 Sqi.

1

N. Vanjittart.

Vol. 57.

9 L

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

X 6* Febru

c$mtinuid.

ABSTRACT of the Particulars of the MONIES Received to Defray the Expences of Ills Majesty's

PARTICULARS of the MONEY Received to Defray the Expences of Ills Majesty's Civil Government; from

Balance - - due 5th January 1786 -

Received in Year ending D° -

- - - - D° - -

- - - - D° - -

- - D° - -

..... D* - - - -. . - . D* - -

. D° - -

..... - . - r

- . - - Da - -

..... D* --- -..... D* ... -..... I> ... -. . - . Da - -

. - - D° -

- 1787

- 1788

- 1789

- 1790

- 1791

- 1792

*7 95

*794

- *79S

-#!79o

- 1797

- 1798

*799

- 1800

- 1801

- 1802

BALANCE, 5th Januaty 17S6. 4 {-PER-CENT. DUTIES. 1

£ d. £ ' *

- - 185,018 I7 9 -

- - - n -

- . 1 -

- - 32,000 — —

- - 25,000 — —

- - ..... 40,000 — —

- 40,000 — —

- - - 3.5 000 — —

£ 185,018 17 9 172,000 — —

PARLIAMENTARY

GRANTS.

9OO, CC0

900.000 9 o.cco

900.000 9Co,cco 9C0.000

900.000

900.000

900.000

900.000

900.000

900.000 9oc, oco

900.000

900.000

900.000

14,400, coo ——

ABSTRACT of the Particulars of the MONEY Extended on Account of His Majesty's Civil Government;

id Class: ROYAL FAMILY. 2d Class: GREAT OFFICERS OF STATE. 3d Class: FOREIGN MINISTERS. 4th Class: TRADESMEN'S BILLS.

£ ' / 203,500 £. s. 33,955 £. d. 70,852 2 10 £' ' 147,200

195,625 33,58* 76,658 14 2; 138,153 14 8

- - 198,250 3*«78 17 3 75x82 14 11 135,265 2 1 i

- - 203,500 24,728 10 6J 61,849 *9 8 106,792 3 81

- - 212,7^0 39,302 5 — i 103.921 8 3 142 S02 12 — i

- - 218,364 13 9 34,003 14 6 66,933 9 *4 I4S*253 >4 8 f

- - 213,726 16 — i 32,743 IO 7 114,575 8 4 164.729 16 4 {

- - 202,500 32,960 — — 73-594 >* 1 t '35*333 *5 4t

- - 202,500 31.586 8 9i 92,163 7 u| if 1,446 9 6 1-

- - 202,500 — — 32,312 15 2 c6,i 1014 1 i 125621 16 5I

-' - 197,500 34.887 19 1 7°*917 9 9? 142.594 14 11

- - 207,875 32,245 66,765 10 34 167,615 9 5 }

- > 203,000 — — 32,9*4 19 7 89,564 12 2\ 192,670 5 7

- - 203,000 33,055 65,011 19 2 240,851 ib 1 {

- - 201,000 32,008 16 35 45*833 2 6 119,862 14 6 I

- - 196,500 33,450 16 6i 65,248 — 9 i 165,824 13 —

- - 214,500 24,807 15 n 51,303 1 156.611 5 —

-£ 3,373,091 9 10 i 515,786 9 z I 1,i85,552 >5 9 2,445,650 3 9 i

« 86,726 17 11 I 16,685 IO IO } 102,883 7 6J 351,512 18 6 5

- £ 3,359,818 7 10-i 532,472 — 1 1,288,416 3 4-- 2,795,163 2 3}

£ 209,988 13 — 33>279 »° — 80,526 2 v 174*697 '3 11

Estimate of -

Year ended 5th January -

- - - D* -

- - - D* -

- - - D° -

.. . D° - -

- . - D° - - .

- - - D° -

- . D° -

- r - D* -

. . D° . - -

- - - D° -

- - - D° -

- - - Da -

- - D° -

. . Do.

- - *787

- - 1788

- - 1789

- - 1790

T *79*

- - 1792

- - 1793

- - 1794

- 1795

- - 1796

- - 1797

- - 1798

- - 1799

- - 18co

- - 1801

- - 1802

Amount of Payments in 16 Years

Amount of Debt on 5th January 1802

Total Expence in 16 Years

Average Expence of 16 Years - £.

N.B. This Sum of/?.231,291* *3'- indues Three7

Quarters beyond the 16 Years, which, b-.ng deduced, the > . 1 -_____ J r rU Fftimatc al l~Sb. 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, February i8oz.

N. Vansittart.

Appendix

42 Geo. III.

773

Civil Government; and PAY MENTS on Account thereof; from 5th January 17S6 to 5th January 1802.

the Year ending 5th January 1786 to the Year ending 5th January 1802, both inclusive"; distinguishing each Year.

IMPREST MONIES Repaid. FEES of SuppreHed Office*. SURPLUS of Exchequer Fees. From Public Supplies, to discharge Arrears Civil List Debt. TOTAL.

£ d. d. £ d. £ ' £ S. d.

185 018 >7 9

2. COO — — 4«4"7 18 !' 2l6 7 9 i 210,000 — > — i,' <6,694 5 10}-

1C COO " — tco — — 910,600

2, Sy7 4 sl 3*315 — — f 9:6242 4 5 *

25° *9 10 2,764 1 2 si - - - 905,015 12 tk

1,665 18 7l 2,-1 00 — — 1,060 2 H - - 905,126 1 4

- - I.4C0 — — < 933.400 — —

338 3 4 7,296 3 7i S8? >3 2 - - 908,220 — ii

3 456 2 4* - - 928.436 2 4 k

ic, tco — — 2,$C0 913,000 — ~

12.CCO — — 912,000 — —

3-.I09 17 2 - - 970,109 17 2

55^ 7 5 5 - - 36 r'75 1 2 - - 939,231 8 7i

- - - - - 16,990 1 I — - - .956,990 11 —

" " - - 6,13! 18 11 5°* 8 6 - - 927,025 7 5

19,: 60 6 8 - - 954,560 6 8

3, ICO — m m - 16,683 8 11 ~ 919,783 8 11

43.503 *3 8 1 30,683 12 n i 148,210 *9 si 210,000 — — - 15,189,424 3 10

Append Lv, (Xo. 23 )

16° Febrnar/t,

continued.

from the Year ending 5th January 1733 to 5th January 1802, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

5th Class:

vfmai. SER V AN I S.

/ ' d.

9°*9''S 5

9^2*9

fc6.c ;o

4*^37 111,410 90,852 103,214

76,222

67,6:0

83.804

53.980

87.073

90.461

9°*332

90,77I

704;2

69,170

>5 7 I

9 4

8 10

3 4-9 9 I 19 1 *

*4 Si

>4 3

7 2 1

8 lo

6 9 I

8 jo} 3 6;

11 2

14 2

10 3 i

1 *310,5 5 7 15 8

168,231 911!

6;!i C l as3: PENSIONS.

7th Cl a ss:

SALARIES.

8th Class: TREASURY.

C d.

118,189 3 2

C d.

81,440 — I

' d-

13,822 — —

159,173 13 1C9.9H 5

6o,rso6 18

,3')*.:31- 4

106,079 18

1 1 Q,~ I 2 l6 1 C 0-2 II

S .5:6 5

80,9V 5 1

81.448 13 110,929 5

I 16 393 16 — } I 15,266 9 9

9 ,963 8 7 i

103,361 11 10 1

87,717 — 2 !

5 I - u

3

6 1 8 8

4 7

5 ii

*ii

100,1:89

74 "

619 ic 1.0 .6 83,9 J4 8 >,418 7 ^»7 s 1 59-3> 57,630 4S.224 63,002 6->925 6>,202 <10,318 61,619 46,348

9 9 i

9 7}

3 4

6 — J

»4 Si 4

3 i 7 i

6:

9

4 10}

7 7 t

12 7

1,632,604 7 4

204,473 3 2

1,478.789 5 8 j 1,837,077 10 6

1,106,125 16 8}

110 097 — 4

1,216,222 17 — i

13.822 — — 17.000 1310}

10.416 io — 17,227 10 —

10.416 10 —

17,277 10 —

I3772 ——

1C 416 10 ---

10.366 10 —

10.366 10 —

13 6Z2 ——

13.822 ——

13.822 ——

10, <66 to —

13.822 ——

10.366 10 —

207,103 3 10 i

24.1 S3 10 —

231,291 13 10}

9MH 6 7 i

114817 6 11

76,013 18

14*45 5 *4 7 i

OCCASION v L PAYMENTS.

£. s. d.

158476 4 6

108,736 12 f){

227,306 7 6

346,106 7 8

35*558 »S 7

128,33a 7 3

92,232 11 5}

219,493 10 — 208,696 5 2

278,549 9 6}

269,221 1 7

137,777 4 1!

148,267 18 61

103,071 18 6}

313,804 17 8

254.125 14 11 } 245,802 17 2

3,167,08319 7 i

96,344 16 8 }

3,163,428 16 4

203,964 6 — I

Sums applied in the lad 16 Years, in Aid of th? Grant of £. 900,000 per Annum - -

Amount of Annual Permanent Grant -Yearly Excess -

Excess beyond the Grant, in 16 Years

Paid also for Arrears of former Civil Lid Debt - -

"From 4 !-Per-Cent. Duties - £.172,000 — -

Imprest Monies repaid - 43,^09 — -

of Si'.prreti d Ottices - 30,886 — -

S-rp H" Exchequer Fees - 148,211 — -

From Pa1.' ic tv. p; ics, for Arrears Civil Lid Debt, 210,000 — -

Balance 3'.a Jan* 1786 more than 5th Jan' 1S02 - 29 630 — -

Deficiency cn 5th January 1S02 - £.

ARREARS OF DEBT.

TOTAL.

£ ' d- £ 897,400 6

i92,5po i,oS8,334 S 6{

- 955-762 6 5

- 930,227 8 3 i

- 900,413 2

884,fcOI *3 4?

- 932,632 2 n i

- 930,730 19 —

- 9*4?157 3 s

- 937,3 89 3 9

909,141 8 21

- 937,106 17 si

- 956,020 8 7z

- 929,613 5 7 I

- 955*934 5 7 i

964,624 19

- 906,646 12 6

192,500 — — iS>°3h036 1 11 i

Balance in Exchr on 7 155'38S 1 10 f

5th January 1S02 - f

15,189,424 3 IO

TOTAL:

1,161,143 15 — £

16,002,679 17 —

1,000,167 9 o

900,000 — —

100,167 9 6

16

1,602,679 ——

192,500 ——

l>795»,79

634,036

1,161,143 ——

VOL. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 24.)

Februarii.

Am ACCOUNT of the Chauch of HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL GOVERNMENT, for Five Years; from the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1796 (as near as the same can be ascertaineJ).

In the YEARS EndeJ

FIRST CLASS: c 5th January 1792 5th January l?9>- 5th Jjnua'y 1794. 5th January 179 5. 5:!' Jjnuary 1796.

the Pensions and Allowances to the Ror alFamily: £ ' d. £ ' £ ' d. £ / d. £ d.

His Majesty's Privy Purse - 6o,oco — — 60,000 — — 60,000 — — 60,000 60,000 —

Her Majesty the Queen ----- 58,000 — — c 8.000 — — 58,000 — 58,000 58,000 — —

His Royal Highncis the Prince of Wales bo.oco — — 60,000 60,000 60 COO — — 60,000 —

The Princes Edward, Ernest Augudus,:ind Adolphus His Royal Highness the Duke of Yo:!: 8,500 — — 8,500 8,500 — 8,500 8,500 — —

12,000 12,000 — — 12,000 12,000 — I 2,000 —

His Royal Highness Prince Wi ham Henry (now

Duke of C^aience) ----- 3ioooo ——

Her Royal Highness the Duchess Dowager of

Cumberland ----- -- 4,coo 4,000 — — 4,000 — — 4,000 — — 4,000

£ 1 1 1 0 0 IA 0 N 202,500 202,500 202,500 202,500 —

SECOND CLASS: i -

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; the Lord Keeper or

Lords Commissioners of the Great Feal; the

Speaker of the House of Commons; the Judges of the Courts of Kirg's Bench and Common

Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; th*' Chief Justice of Chester, and Salaries of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales: The Lord Chancellor ----- 5,000 5,000 5,coo 5,000 — — 5,000 — —

The Speaker of the House of Commons 1*825 1,830 — — 1,825 1,825 — 1,825

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench - 4,000 — — , 4,000 — — 4,000 — — 4,000 — 4,000

One of the Justices of - - D J I, coo — 1.500 1,500 1,500 1,500

Another - -- -- - 1,500 1 500 L5°° 1,500 ' I.5OO

Another - -- -- - 1,500 1,500 — — 1,500 1,500 1,500

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas - 3,000 3,000 — — 3,000 3,000 — — 3,000

One of the Justices of the said Court - 1,500 M°° 1,500 1,500 1.500 — —

Another - -- -- - 1,500 — — 1,500 1,500 1,500 — — 1,500

Another - -- -- - 1*500 1,500 1 *453 *4 1 L493 3 7' 1,500

Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer 2,000 2-000 2,000 — 2.000 2,000 — —

One of the Barons of the said Court - - - 1,500 1,500 — 1,500 I)5c° 1,500 — —

Another ----- --- L5°° 1,500 1*500 1,500 1*500

Another - -- -- - 1,500 ,)Soo 1,500 — — 1,500 1,500

Chief Justice of Chester - - - 730 730 730 73° 73 0

Second Justice of D® - - - 500 500 — — 500 — — 500 500

Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor - 400 400 — — 400 — — '400 — — 400 — —

Second Justice of - - - D° aco — — 400 400 400 — — 400 — —

C nies Justice of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan 4 0: 400 — — 400 — — 400 — — 400

Seco nd I uttice of - - - D° 400 - — — 400 — — 391 14 10 400 — — 400

Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesea 400 — — 400 — — 39& 13 7 400 400 — —

Second Justice of - - - D® 400 — — 400 — — 400 400 — — 400

£ 32,955 32 960 32,897 2 6 3Z»94® 3 7-. U-95S

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries to the Ministers at Foreign Courts, being

resident at the said Courts:

France:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Minister Pleni-

potentiary ----- - 8,34a 17 ij 8,365 14 3{ ——

Secretary to said Embafty - 1,130 — 393 II 2 — — —

S pa;n: ArnbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - , S>34* 17 i. 8,365 1+ 8,342 17 11 6,948 I I 4 6,102 17 a*

825

Secretary to said Embassy - 1,010 18 1*13*. 1,130 1,130 1,130 — —

Commissary to treat about A flairs of Commerce - 1,825 1,850 — — 190 — —

Secretary to - - D° - 360 — — 366 38 — —

C barge des Affaires - - 651 — >95 i,°56 270 — —

Portugal:

Knvi.v Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3)220 3,238 3,220 3,220 3,220

Charge des Affaires ----- 212 — — 152 — —

Turin: Envoy Extraordinnry - 3,320 3,328 3,320 3,32° 3,320

Sicretary of Leg ion - - - - 184

Nice: Vice Consul ----- - 34° 34o 340 34° — - 340

Naples:

Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary 3,520 3,328 3,320 3,320 3,320

Borne forward - - . £. 3L2»i 12 5 J 51 »S 39 ‘9 9 ' 20,24717 ij >9)334 11 4 IS,711 17 2

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

THIRD CLASS continued.

Brought forward -

Florence:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Charge dcs Affaires -

In the YEARS ended

5th January 1792-

/ ' * 31,211 12 3

2-777 ——

5ih January 1793.

£ ' d. 31.539 *9 91

3,328 ——

5th January 1794.

£ i. d.

20,247 17 1}

3,320 ——

108 ——

5th January 1795.

£. s. d. *9>334 4

2,121 6 —

I48 ——

5th January 1796. L-

Appendix,

(No. 24O

19* Fdbruarii,

evntinued.

£ ' 18,711 17 2

2,225 ——

Venice:

Resident ----- -- 630 2 6 1,498 — — 1,418 7 o| 1,495 ‘,495 — —

Charge dcs Affaires - - 141 224 — —

wirs Cantons:

Charge dcs Affaires ----- 250 — _ — —

1,029 10 *>i >-575 >,575 *>575

Courtantinoplc:

Ambassador ----- - 1,09s 1,098 — — 1,404 >*929 — — j,o95> — —

Holland:

Amball.idor Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 8,342 17 il 8>365 14 3i 8,342 17 if 7,268 11 5! 6>354 5 9

Secretary to said Embassy - 1,130 1,132 1,130 — — 836 S56

Charge des Affaires ----- 348 387 663 366 — — —

A^ent ai Rotterdam ----- 248 248 248 — 248, 186

Deputy Conservator at Campvere - 120 — 120 120 — 120 — . — 90

Vienna: -

Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary 5>*5° — — 5,260 5,250 2,017 2 6 5,250

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 3,908 11 5

Secretary of Legation ----- 36? 366 — — 365 365 365

Charge dcs Affaires ----- 486 232 106 — — 494

Brussels:

Minister Plenipotentiary - 2,225 — — 2,658 3 II 2,225 2,225 — — 1,346 4 9

Charge dcs Affaires ----- 48 54 — —

Ruff a:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 6,060 12 IO 3,634 2 3,520 3,520 1 4,820 — —

Secretary of Legation ----- 372 366 365 185 —

Berlin:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,320 3,328 410 384 5 6 2,940 11 3

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary - 1,074 5 8f 8,342 17 4,137 2 iof

Secretary of Legation - 365 366 — - — 365 36s 36s

Charge dcs Affaires - 368 - 642 — — 732 346 —

Sweden: '

Envoy Extraordinary - 2,225 2,230 — — 3.*47 9 6 2,778 19 6 1,120 — —

Secretary of Leg. tion ----- ... 366 — — 365 365 365

Charge do Affaires - - - - 268 — — 378 84 73®'

Denmark:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,161 2,230 2,225 2,225 — — 2,225 — ~

Secretary of Legation - - - 365 366 *95 365 365

Charge des Act'airas ----- 730 620 — — - 174 730 — —

Poland:

Minister Plenipotentiary - 1,899 1 7 1,498 — 1,495 >,495 743

Dresden:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,320 3,328 — 3,320 3,320 3,320

Secretary of Legation - - - 55 366 — 365 365 365

Hans Towns: 1

Minister Plenipotentiary ..... 1,395 — — 1,398 — 1.395 *>395 >,395

Charge des Affaires ----- 256 —

Eletfor Palatine: -

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 2,125 — — 2,130 — 2,125 2,125 2,125

Genoa: *

Minister Plenipotentiary - 756 1 u| M95 M9S

Ele<stor Cologne:

Minister Plenipotentiary - *>395 1,39s — 1,395 ,»395 L395

Minister to Landgrave Hcfie Caffcll - - -Consul at Madrid ----- - 500 500 — — 5OO 500 — 500 — —

1,000 — — 1,000 1,000 — 1,000 — — 1,000 — —

Confu! at Cadiz ----- - 200 200 200 — — 200 — — 200 — —

Consul at Earth'gcna - - - 300 300 — — 3CO — 300 300

'Consul at Corunna Galicia - 250 — — 250 250 250 — — 250 —

Consul at Naples - - 4co 400 — — 400 — 400 — — 400 — —

Consul at Genoa ----- - 250 — — j 250 — — 250 — 250 250 —

Consul General to Morocco - 1,180 — — ! 1,180 — — l,l8o i,i8o — — lri8o — —

Consul General to Tunis - 800 — — 1 800 800 800 — — 800 — —

Consul at Tripoli - ----- D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - 760 — 727 12 8J 760 380 — — 380 — —

2 ro 587 10 — 625 3 5 112 10 — —

Borne forward - - £. VOL. 57. 87,780 6 1 87,538 13 io| 76,704 1 10 9 M 80,934 14 io|J 73-79* > 91

Appendix,

(No. 14.)

19* Februarii,

cmttwutd.

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

THIRD CLASS continued In the VEA RS ended

r — 5th January 1792* 5th January 1793* 5th January 1794. 5rb January 17 95- 5th January 17^ — > ?6.

£. >. d. £- / d. r, /. d. / ' d. £ ' d.

Brought forward 87,780 6 3i 87,338 *3 ioi 76,704 1 10 80,934 14 101 73*79* 1 9§

Consul at Algiers 84517 1,200 — , 1,200 - 750 — — 600 —

D° - Extraordinary Disbursements $02 3 9 485 11 6 728 7 3 —

Consul at Newport, Ostend, and Bruges 200 — 200 — — 200 — 200 — 150 — - —

Consul at Triefle ..... 25O — — 250 — 25O — 25O — — 250 — —

Consul at Majorca 25O 25O — 25O 250 — — 250 — —

Consul General in America ..... 1,000 1.730 10 — i»73° 10 1,7 *o 10 — 1.73° 10 —

Consul and Commissary to the United States 1,075 — — *>075 — 1*340 4 *7387 — — 1.387 — —

Minider Plenipotentiary to the United States 1,120 — 2,230 — 2,225 2,245 — — 1,690 — —

286 — —

Consul General at Grand Cairo ... 350 — 35° — — 112 to — — —

Consul in North and South Carolina - 800 — 800 — — 800 — 800 — 800 —

Consul in Virginia 800 800 — — 800 — — 800 — — 800 — —

Consul in Massachusett's Bay, Rhode 1 Hand, Ac. - 500 — 500 — — 500 — 5c° — ' — 500 — —

Consul at Amsterdam ..... 200 — 200 — — 2G0 — — 200 — — 200 — —

Consul in Lower Saxony ..... . - 300 — — 4OO — — 400 — — 4 GO — —

Consul for Zante, Corfu, Cephalonia, and Theaca 200 — — 200 —

£ 95.673 7 7 97,909 15 4i 87,4-)° >3 1 90,647 4 lof 83.034 n 9 5*

FOURTH CLASS:

Tradesmen's Bills, Ac:

Bills in the Lord Chamberlain's Department 49. >3* 9 4l 53,768 16 *i 45*545 8 11 6*.423 *3 70,147 11 7

D° - Lord Steward's ..... 51.009 9 4* 56,7'4 4 S 61,621 15 2i 65,462 17 9 85,403 6 H

D° - Mailer of the Horse ... 22,990 9 7 25,823 11 6 23*544 3 9 25.366 3 3 26,030 3 6

jy° - Mailer of the Robes ... 2,923 I3 3,095 10 2 2,184 3 8 2,863 — — 3.055 2 —

D° - Ulher of the Court of Exchequer 1.183 9 — 1.307 7 10 *»274 9 2 1,584 17 8 1,560 12 3

D° - Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer - 9>4»S 9 5 9»7°4 16 8J 10,200 2 1 *0,772 13 14,28414 Sk

D°, for Printing - 11 *77 S a 5 14,964 «S 8| *4'°39 6 1 12,508 15 5a 10,91419 9

D#, for Stationary - 1,619 6 5r 2,199 u 8| 1,850 *3 Si 2,272 11 5 3.483 4 5

£ 130,079 8 8i 167,578 *4 3i 160,260 63 182,254 11 *i 214,884 14 Si

FIFTH CLASS:

Menial Servants, &c.

Lord Chamberlain's Salary ..... 3,000 — - - 3,000 _ 3,000 — 3,000 — — 3,000 — —

Salaries in his Department ..... *3.673 5 8 *3.673 5 8 *3,673 5 8 23.673 5 8 23.673 5 8

Lord Steward's Salary ..... 1.540 — — 1.540 — 1.540 — 1,540 — — 1,540 — —

Salaries in his Department - 26,596 12 1 z 26,776 4 z 4 26,805 2 2 26,366 — 2 26,785 3 8

Salaries in the Department of the Mailer of the Horse 12,854 5 4 12,932 8 4 12,920 2 5 12,902 II 1 *.945 4

D° - -- -- Mailer of the Robes 1,080 1,080 — 1,080 — ifo8o — — 1,080 —

Vice Chamberlain's Salary - 600 — 600 _ — 600 — — 600 — — 600 —

Groom of the Stole, D° - - 2,000 _ 2,000 — _ 2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — —

Apothecary to His Majesty, D° - ,.s - — 1 *5 — — J«5 — — 115 — — *»5 — —

D° - - to the Household, D° - - - S3 6 8 S3 6 8 53 6 8 :3 6 8 53 6 8

Gentlemen of the Bedchamber, D° 12,000 _ 12,000 12,000 — — 12.000 — — 11,697 4

Grooms of the Bedchamber, D° ... 6,499 '9 ill 6,500 — — 6,472 4 si 6,500 — — 6,500 —

£- 90,01 2 9 90,270 4 81 90,259 1 89,830 3 7 89,989 1 si

SIXTH CLASS:

The Pension Lids ----- - 90,866 6 9I 88,058 10 6 90,585 4 81 97,23a 16 4i 99,891 8 si

Compensations to sundry Persons whose Offices

have been suppressed ..... 15,822 12 4i 14,989 8 14,251 3 11 14,40319 — i 13,396 15 *i

£ 106,688 19 2 103,047 l9 s 104,836 8 . 1 7z 111,636 15 5! 1 13,288 4

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries in the Department of the Lord Chamberlain 10,100 18 4 10,100 18 4 10,063 *3 loi 10,053 10 72 8,794 18 4

Sir John Kynde Cotton - 5 6 8 s 6 8 5 6 8 5 6 8 5 6 8

Vicar of the Tower - - - 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate ..... 7 — 7 7 7 ~ — 7 — —

Poor of St. John Baptist - 7 13 4 7 ‘3 4 7 *3 4 7 *3 4 7 13 4

Poor of St. Michael, Cornhill - 12 4 12 4 12 4 12 4 — 12 4 —

Poor of St. Magnus - 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8

Schoolmaster of Southwell ..... 10 — _ 10 _ 10 ~ 10 — — 10 — —

University of Oxford, for a Preacher 10 — — 10 — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

*3 8 *3 6 8 *3 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

4° — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

- 57 *4 7 i 200 — — 200 — — 200 — —

400 — — 400 400 — — 400 — — 400 — —

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity - 10 — — 10 — — TO — — 10 — — 10 — —

10 — — 10 — — lO — — 10 — — 10 — —

13 6 8 *3 6 8 *3 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

43 — — 40 — — 37 *4 — 40 — — 40 — —

100 — — ICO — — 142 15 -) / a 2 JO — — 200 — —

----- -- D° - of Hitlory 400 — — 400 — — 4C0 — 400 — — 400 — —

- - - - Emanuel College - 16 13 4 16 1 3 4 16 *3 4 16 13 4 16 13 4'

Borne forward - - £. n>3°4 7 — 11,362 1 7 i 11,507 12 11,55619 '3 i 10,298 7 —

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

In the YEARS ended

r A

j(h January 1792. 5th January 1793* 5th January 1794. 5th January 1795. 5th January 1796. 1

s u v r m t 14 r t as s

f, ' d. £. s. d. £ f- d. I £. s. & * &

Brought forward - - - 11,304 7 — 11,362 1 7! 11,507 12 2$| 11,556 19 3? 10,298 7 —

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - _ jO — 10 IO 10 IO — —

Vicar of Litchfield . - - 15 15 15 15 M

Mailer of the Temple - - - 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8

Corporation of Dartmouth - - - 40 40 40 40 40

Preacher at Hampton Court - - - 40 40 40 40 40 1

Fellows of Eton C ollege - - - - 42 42 42 42 42

Mayor of Macclesfiela - - 50 50 50 50 50

MiniiDrs of the Savoy - - - 60 — — 60 ' 60 60 Co — —

Ministers of the Isle of Man - - 100 — — 100 100 — — 100 IOD

Corporation of Lyme Regis - - 100 100 JOO ICO JOO

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - - JOO ICO JOO 100 JOO

Heirs of Nicholas Yates - . 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — ICO 190

Corporation of Berwick - - - 100 — — 100 100 — — 100 JOO —

Bishop of Chcller, for Preachers - 200 200 — — 200 200 2 CO

Profelfor of Ailronomy - - - 320 320 — — 320 320 320

Treasurer of Christ't Hospital - - - 370 IO — 370 10 — 370 IO 370 10 — 370 10 ~L

Chancellor of the Garter - - 57° 5 — 570 5 — 57a 5 — 57° 5 — 57° 5 ~

One of His Maiclly's Secretaries of State . - 5,680 — 5,680 5.680

Another - - 1,66913 4i - , 3,690 6 2\ —

President of the Council - - - 4,000 — — 4,000 — — 4,600 2 000 4,000 — —

Keeper of the Privy Seal - - - 3,000 — — 3,005 — 3,000 r- 3,57919* ni 3 000

Governor of Windsor Castle - - - 1S4 10 — 183 — , 182 10 — r 182 10 — 182 10 —

Con liable of Dover CalUe - . 4,100 3*793 «« Ij 4,100 4,100 — — 4,100

Mailers in Chancery - - 1,100 — — 1,100 1,100 1,100 1.098 11

Chief Justice in Eyre, North of Trent - - 2.250 — — 2,250 2,250 2 250 2 250

D° --- - South of Trent - - 3,46613 4 3,466 13 4 3,466 14 4 3,46613 4 3,46613 4

Attorney General - - - - 81 6 8 8168 81 6 8 8| 6 8 8168

Solicitor General - - - 70 70 70 70 70 —

Advocate General ... - - 20 20 — — 20 20 20

His Majesty's Council at Law - - 600 — 580 — — 705 6 8 666 — — 739 >9 9*

The King's Prime Serjeant - - 41 6 10 41 6 10 41 6 10 41 610 41 6 10

Clerks of the Council - - - 400 400 400 400 — — 400 — —

Keeper of the Council Chamber - . - 73 73 73 73 73

Four Clerks of the Council . - - 1.000 — — 1,000 — — I,coo 1,000 1,000 — —

Two Keepers of the Council Chamber 91 5 — 91 10 — 91 5 — 91 5 — 9* 5 —

Mailer of the Ceremonies, in lieu of Bills . loo 100 — — 100 — — 100 100 — —

D° on his Allowance - 200 — — 200 200 — — 200 2C0

AfTiilant Mailer, D° - - - - 121*13 4 122 121 13 4 121 13 4 121 13 4

Marshal of D* - - - - JOO 100 100 — — 100 3OO

GcncaJogiil of the Order of the Bath - 100 — — 100 — — JOO 100 ICO

Bath King at Arms - - 90 90 9° — 90 90

Secretary to the Order - - - 90 90 90 90 90

Regiilcr to I)° - - - - 90 90 90 90 90

Gentleman Uiher to D° - - - - 90 90 90 90 90

'Messenger to D* - - - - 40 40 40 40 40

Garter King at Arms - - - 100 100 100 100 100

Clarcncieux - - - - 40 40 40 4° — — 40

Norroy ..... - - - 40 40 40 40 40

Gloster - - - 40 4° 40 40 40

Cheller Herald ... - - - 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4

York - 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 ,3 4

Windsor - - - - 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4

Somerset - - - - 26 13 4 2613 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

Lancader - - - - 2613 4 2613 4 26 13 4 2b 23 4 26 13 4

Richmond - - - - 2613 4 2613 4 26 13 4 26 ,3 4 26 13 4

Brunswick - - - - 2613 4 2613 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

Blane Courfier - - - 2613 4 2613 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

Portcullis Pursuivant - - - 20 20 — — 20 20 20

Rouge Croix - - - - 20 20 20 — — 20 20

Rouge Dragon - - - - 20 20 20 20 20

Blue Mantle - - - 20 20 — — 20 — — 20 20

His Majesty's Serjeants at Arms - - - 1,003 15 — 1,006 XO — 1.003 15 — 1,003 15 — 1,003 15 —

Mader General of the Ordnance - - 175 18 4 175 18 4 175 *s 4 175 i* 4 175 ,8 4

Lieut' General - - D* - - - 66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4

Surveyor General - D° - - - 36 10 — 36 12 — 36 10 — 36 10 — 36 10 —

Clerks - - - - D° - - - 36 10 — 3612 — 28 2 — 34 14 — 36 10 —

Storekeeper - - - D* - - - 54 is — 54 18 — 54 >5 " 54 15 — 53 H —

Clerk of the Deliveries - - - - 18 5 - 18 6 — 18 5 18 5 — 18 5 _

Treasurer - D° - - - - 40 40 40 40 40

Warden of Windsor Forcil - - - 5S7 9 1! 587 911 587 9-11 587 9 11 587 9 11

Keeper of Hampton Court Park - - - 74 3 4 74 4 — 74 4 — 74 3 4 74 3 4

Ranger of St. James's and Hyde Parks - - 1,390 — 8. I I.732 i,732 i»725 — 1.732

Conilabcof Dean roretl - - - - 2|0 210 210 210 i 210

W'arden of Waltham Foicft - - - 270 27O — 270 270 270

Riding I'oreiler in New Fcrctl - - - - 42: I4 — . 1 500 500 500 — — 500

Ranger if Richmond Park - 100 to — 102 109 10 — 109 10 — 109 10 —

XJndrrkcepti> of DJ - - - 69 69 69 69 t9

Out Ranger i t Windsor Forcfl - - - - 900 — — 762 18 7 I 600 600 6co — —

Keeper of the Records in the lower - - - 500 500 500 500 500

Keeper of the Council Records - - - - 500 — — 500 — — 500 500 500 — —

D° - Rccot is W itrhall - - - - 80 8 9 i 160 160 j 60

D° - Forfeited Fdates - - - 200 — — 200 200 129 13 5 200

Keeper of His Alujctly's Libraries - - - 300 300 300 3oo 300 — —

Borne forward - - - c 49,856 8 6 00 oa 00 O 48>79j 4 11 +5'32Z J7 3 - 42,246 10 ii|

VOL. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 24.)

190 Februarii, continued.

___t

Die ized by le

Appendix,

(Xo. 24.)

19" Februa

continued.

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

In the YEARS Ended *

SEVENTH CLASS continued«

Brought forward -

Housekeeper at Westminster -Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -Keeper of the Tennis Courts - - - *

Underkeepers of Cranborn Chace -Ranger of Salcey Forest -Keeper of the House Park at Windsor D° - of the Outward Gate at Windsor Caltte -Clerks of the Treasury -Sorter and Keeper of Papers in the Treasury Messengers for carrying Letters - - - *

Ranger of Books in the Treasury -Keeper of the Rooms at Whitehall -Housekeeper at the Treasury -Solicitor of the Treasury -

Keepe- of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks Knight Harbinger ——

Latin Secretary - - . - .

Surveyor General of Lands -D° - - - - of Woods -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue -Another ——

Another ——

Digellers of Records at Whitehall -Mailer of the Hawks -

Examiner of Plays ——

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod -Mailer of Mechanics -

Clerk of the House of Commons -Clerk AfHstant of D* - - - - 1

D° - Additional Allowance 3

Messenger of the Press -

Engraver of Seals ——

Auditor of the Exchequer, for Attendance in

Vacations -D° - - - on his Fees -Chief Clerk to Clerk of the Pells -

D° - D°....

Another Clerk, for extra Business -Regiller of Loans -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer D° - - for sorting Records

D* - - - D° -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer -One of the Tellers of D° -Another ——

Another - - - % -

Auditor's Clerk in the Tally Court -

Clerk of the Pells in - - D*

Two Chamberlains in the Exchequer -Deputy Chamberlain, for llriking Tallies -Two others, for joining - - - D°

Messengers of the Exchequer - w

D® - - on their Termly and Vacation Fees Two Grooms of the Exchequer -Messenger of the Chamber -Porter of the Exchequer - -

Clerks of the Exchequer, on their Latin Order -Ulher of the Exchequer -

Curhtor Baron in the Exchequer - - ]

D° - - - more \

Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -Clerk of the Pipe ——

Comptroller of the Pipe - -

Secondaries in said Office -

Clerks in said Office -

Treasurer's Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in said Office -

Second Secondary - - D°

Clerks in said Office -

King's Clerk in the Crown Office -

Clerk Foreign Kilreats in the Court of Common

Picas - - ....

Foreign Appofer....

Clerk of the Nichells -

King's Remembrancer -

Clerks !n said Office ----- _

Secondaries ....

Clerk of the Pleas -

Clerks in said Office ----- .

Clerk of Foreign Eflrcats -

Bard of Gtmlemen Pensioners -

Ulher of the Exchequer, for Pay of 12 Watchmen,

ai 2 /. a Night each

Borne forward

r 5th January 179*. 5th January 1793. t j 5th January 1794. 51b January 1 795* 5th January 1796.

£ ' d- £ d. £> d. £- d. 0 k

49,856 8 6\ 48,311 8 10 48,795 4 nf 45,322 17 31 42,246 10

926 9 3 — 926 '9 2 6 926

228 2 6 228 15 — 228 2 6 22S 2 6 228 2 6

‘3* 3 4 132 4 — l3z 3 4 l32 3 4 *32 3 4

20 — — 20 20 20 — — 20

40 40 40 4° — — 40

600 — — 600 — — 600 540 — — 600

25 25 »s 25 ~ — 25

2,100 2,100 1,050 — —

400 400 200 — —

237 IO — 250 — — 125 — —

90 9° 45 — —

40 40 20 — —

80 80 40 — —

200 — 200 — ' — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 1

150 150 150 — — 150 — — 150

195 16 8 106 6 8 195 16 8 19516 8 195 16 8

8S 7 8J 140 — — 280 280 — — 280

55 11 1 - 593 8 1 J* 1,000 — — 1,000

100 100 lOO 100 — — ICO

100 100 100 — — 100 — — 100 — —

400 — — 400 — — 400 400 — — 400 — —

300 300 — — 300 300 — — 300

650 650 — — 650 650 — — 650 — —

1,372 10 — 1,372 10 — *>372 10 — G372 10 — 1,372 10 —

406 400 400 400 — — 400 — —

200 — — 200 200 — — 200 — — 200 — —

150 — 150 150 ls° — — 150

10 10 10 — — 10 — — 10 —

600 600 600 — — 6oo — — 600 — —

60 — 60 — — 60 — — 60 — — 60

50 50 50 50 — — 50

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — _ 200

260 3 4 260 3 4 260 3 4 260 3 4 260 3 4

195 # 4 195 8 4 95 8 4 - 195 4 195 8 4

172 6 8 172 6 8 172 6 8 172 6 8 172 6 8

100 100 — - — ICO — —

50 50 50 — —

40 40, 40 40 — — 40

900 — — 820 900 — — 900 — — 900 — —

80 80 80 80 — — 80 — —

33 6 8 33 6 8 33 6 8 33 6 8 33 6 8

95 95 95 95 — — 95

36 10 — 56 IO 56 IO — 56 10 — 56 10

5 " 5 5 — *" — 5 — — 5

104 6 8 104 6 8 104 6 8 104 6 8 104 6 8

20 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

10 10 10 10 — —

27 7 4 27 7 4 27 7 4 2 7 7 4 27 7 4

208 208 208 208 — — 208

2 — — 2 — — 2 — — 2 — — 2 — —

90 16 8 90 — 4 61 6 8 — —

20 — — 20 20 20 — — 20

35 35 35 35 — — 35

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

263 6 8 263 6 8 263 6 8 263 6 8 263 6 8

150 150 150 150 — — 150

107 4 2 107 4 2 107 4 2 107 4 2 107 4 2

40 40 40 40 — — 40

20 20 20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

411 8 411 8 4 11 8 4 n 8 411 8

64 2 1 64 2 1 64 2 1 64 2 1 64 2 1

9 — 9 — — 9 — — 9 — — 9 — —

8 6 8 26 13 4 ‘ 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

n 5 - 11 5 — 11 5 — 11 5 — 11 s —

50 50 50 50 — JO

20 20 — — 20 20 — — 20 — —

40 40 40 40 — — 40

20 20 20 20 — 20 —

55 >7 4 55 17 4 5? *7 4 55 17 4 55 *7 4

7 13 4 7i3 4 7 13 4 7 >3 4 7 13 4

8 — — 8 8 8 — 8 — —

5 5 c — — 5 — ' 5 — —

1 10 — 1 10 — 1 10 — i 10 1 10 —

96 >3 4 96 13 4 96 13 4 9613 4 9613 4

6,000 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — 6,000 — —

438 — 439 4 — 438 8 — 438 8 438 8 —

69.070 1 6} 67,476 u ii i 67,263 1 nj 62.445 *9 6!! 1 59,429 13 2*

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

SEVENTH CLASS: — continued.

Brought forward - -

OfBcekeeper of the Treasury -Ranger of Windsor Forest, for Swannimote Court Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Piei Under-Clerks of the Council, for extra Business Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House-ient, &c Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Offic Secretary to she East India Commission Under Secretary -

Solicitor ——

One Chief Clerk -

One Clerk....

One D° ——

One D° - - - - .

One D° - - - .

Accomptant - -

O tfice keeper ——

Necessary Woman -

Three Mcflrngers -

One of the Clerks of the Privy Council Another ——

Additional Clerk of the Council First Clerk

Second Clerk ——

Third Clerk....

Fourth Clerk ——

Fifth Clerk -

Sixth Clerk ——

Seventh Clerk -

Neceftary Woman -

Office keeper ——

Three Mefteogera....

EIGHTH CLASS:

Commifticners of the Treasury -First Commissioner of the Treasury -Chancellor of the Exchequer

Ditto ——

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Special Service and Royal Bounty -

Sheriffs, for Convi£\ion of Felons -D* for Overpayments on their Accounts

Sundry Mioifters £.20 each, for their Passage to the Plantations ——

Law Charges ——

Horse Patrol for the different Roads -

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer -

Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -

Equipage to Mioifters at Foreign Courts -

Extra Extraordinaries to--- D#

For the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England D° - -- - in Ireland

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Clergy

- Laity -

Lord Chamberlain, for Alms, See.

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Prole (Tors ——

Chamberlain of London, for the Poor of the said City....

Rent of Mote Park -

Chelsea Wucrworks for supplying the Treasury -D° Kensington Palace and Gardens -

Borne forward - - - £.

In the YEARS Ended

r

5th January 179s. 5th January 1793. 5th January 1794- 5th January 1795. 5th January 1796.

£. d. £ ' £ d. £. /. d. £. d.

69,070 i 6f 67476 11 ii 67,26j r u£ 62,445 19 61 59,429 13 ii

480 — — 480 — — 240 ——

40 — — 40 40 40 40

200 — — \ — — —

100 IOO — 100 I of 100 — .

300 — — 300 300 — — 300 — — 400 — . —

ato 5 6 230 5 6 230 5 6 230 5 6* 23° 5 6

2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — — 2,000 2, COO

,5O0 1,500 — — 375 ——

600 — — 600 — — 150 — —

600 — — 600 — — J50 — —

400 — — 400 100 - -

300 — — 300 — — 75 — —

150 SCO 37 *° — — f —

80 80 — — 20 ——

80 80 — — 20 ——

130 130 — — 32 10 — — —

44 5 9 48 12 — - —

48 48 12 — —

150 150 37 10 — — —

500 — 500 — — 500 500 5OO

500 500 500 - — — 500 — — 5OO

500 500 500 — — 500 — — 5 co — — .

500 500 — — 500 — 500 — — 500

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 200 — —

I50 150 150 150 150

12. — — 120 120 120 — — 120 — —

,00 IOO — — 100 — — IOO loo —

IOO — — IOO — 100 — — 100 — — loo

IOO — — IOO — — IOO — — 100 100 — —

50 50 50 50 50

so 50 50 50 50

, So J50 I5O 150 150

79,512 12 77,73* *6 7i 74*'4 '7 68,i 36 5 — i 65,219 18 8f

8,000 — * — 8 000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — —

4,022 4,022 4,022 4,022 — — 4,022

1,800 1,800 1,800 — — 1,800 — - — 1,800 — —

13,822 13,822 — — 13,822 — 13.822 — — 13,822. —

22,244 4 9 14,998 12 10 25,000 — — 25,000 — — 25,000 — —

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — . — 7 0,000 — 8,000 — —

*2,344 16 lOf *7^3*3 5 3 7^*544 8 5>64 7 30,789 6 4

6,050 — — 7*30 , 8,200 5,810 — — 3,250

2,084 s 9l i»7°3 6 7t *,859. 17 6| 487 *4 4i 804 19 4

140 120 — — 100 — — 80 — 60 — — *

8,000 12,000 — — 8,000 — — 12,000 18,000

3901 17 6 3*911 15 6 3485 *9 — —

2,024 17 3 1,342 9 6 1,531 19 6 1,801 11 6 *>5*5 7 "

18,000 — — 20,000 — 20,000 — — 26,000 24,000 — —

800 — — 5,746 19 — 1,100 — — 5,300 3,000 — —

5,79i 11 11 4,588 2 2 2,481 6 — 6,896 7 6 6,046 7 11

1,700 — — 1,700 — — 1*700 — — 1,700 — — 1,700

800 — — 800 800 — — 800 — — 800

1,718 4 — *>7*8 4 " Hl8 1 ~ 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 —

6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6/872 16 — 6,872 16 —

1,119 i»H9 1,119 i,ii9 1,119

900 — — 900 900 900 — — 900 — —

1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 1,000 — — 1,000 — —

3*3 *6 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6

52 14 — 5* *4 - 52 *4 " 52 14 — 52 14 —

150 150 150 150 150

116,018 4 6| 113.79* 1 4* 172,939 14 8} 16^652 n i} 135,16211 1

Vol. 57.

9 N

Appendix, (No. 24.O 190 Febtua

canthtu£/d.

Appendix, (No. 24.) 19" Februariiy

fntinmtd.

Account of the Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government — continued.

icies -1

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS: — <ontin*td.

Brought forward -

Expences of Wind for Great Park -

Fees, &c. on Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse

Contingent Expences of the Treasury

Secretary of State, Foreign Department,

for Contingencies -D° ----- --for Stationary

Secretary of State, Home Department,

for Contingencies -D° ----- --for Stationary

Secretary of State, War Department,

for Contingencies -D*. ----- - for Stationary

Office for India Affairs for Contingencies -

Committee for Trade and Plantations,

for Contingencies Privy Council Office - - - - Da

His Majesty's Charity to fnndry Female Objects in Dirtrefs ——

Serjeant at Arms to the House of Commons,

for Ncccflaries - -

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accounts ——

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners

Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, &c* of London, for Import on Wine ——

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches -

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court -

Officers of the House of Peers on their Allowance D° ----- - Commons - D°

For Presents to Foreign Ministers -

For Rent of the Privy Seal Office

Sir Isaac Heard, for carrying over the Iniignia of the Order of the Garter, and inverting the Duke of Saxa Gotha therewith -

To enable a Convict to give Evidence respecting Persons charged with Burglary -

Expences of a Commission appointing a Governor of Canada - -

Lord Chamberlain, to be paid to the Physicians 1 and others, who attended His Majesty during > his Illness - - - - J

Expences on Account of a Court of Judicature at Newfoundland ——

Keeper of the Records of the Tower, for Incidental Expences ——

Reimbursement of Expences for His Majesty's Service ——

In the YEARS Endti

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their return Home

Bailiff and Courtable of the Tower, for Contingent Disbursements ——

Fees paid on the Creation of Knights of the Bath -

Officers at Arms, for Droits on the Creation of Peers ——

Expence of Works at Carleton House

Expence of St. James's and Hyde Parks

Paymarter of His Majesty's Household, for Contingent Expences -

Expence of the Police Offices -

MefTrs. Duval and C°, for the Expence of a Picture of His Majesty, as a Present to Gen1 Paoli

D° for the Expence of Two Swords, as Presents to Ld Howe and Gen1 Mack *

th January 179* 5th January 1793. 5th January 1; *94- 5th Ja-iuary 1795. 5th January 1; *96-

C d. £ 3. d. £ *. d. £ ' £- d.

l6, Ol8 4 6\ ,3»79l 1 4i 172939 14 H 161,652 11 j ! *. i I35, U2 I! 1;

3.710 5 SI 5.021 >9 10 5,290 3 4,708 12 7i 2,249 7

i,7S ‘ t 6 1,885 *4 1 1.748 14 — 1,748 14 — 1,603 *6 6

2,130 18 4 4.59s l7 81 1,000 — — 2,000 — — 1, OCO — —

*+74 4! 7.117 *S 7,204 2 6 6,356 14 — *0,547 4

2,297 — 10 i,37« 18 7 l,8l ? 4 8 1,938 7 7 2,206 11 — i 2

2*435 8 6 3.95+ *9 4 3,000 — — 4/500 — — 3,000 — —

1.894 2 2 1,460 14 3 1,929 11 8 1,817 4 6 2,320 19 io|

2,000 — - _ 1,000 —

- 239 7 !

4*2*9 6 — 4-778 9 1 4,886 10 l — —

i,949 3 8 *>336 *7 4 2,684 1 9 2,103 S 2} x*493 x4 i!

1,232 '3 6 1>232 *3 6 1*232 13 6 1.232 13 6 !,232 IZ 6

1,228 3 8 1,201 11 8 1.289 3 2 1.236 9 2 1,382 2 a

5 >4 10 Si 406 627 8 3 — —

218 13 6 218 *3 6 218 13 6 218 13 6 218 13 6

98 14 — 94 10 — 96 "12 — 100 16 — 100 16 —

I,8l8 5 — 1,818 5 — 1,818 5 — 1,818 5 — 1,818 5 —

201 6 — 99 16 6 10 3 3 656 6 6 152 16 3

500 _ 470 — — 496 10 — 707 — — 492 — —

870 — — 870 — — 870 — — 870 — — 870 —

2>233 0 6 6,539 3 6 18,194 16 6 8.570 s 9 M75 — 8

220 16 — 220 16 — 220 l6 — 220 16 — 114 2 —

600 - —

I27 1 1 ——

465 7 ——

6,190 9 6 ——

,51 l7 6 1,751 10 —

x55 - —

2,054 3 — *-5 31 4 — — —

- - m m - 1,972 6 — - - 322 — —

284 11 2f 2S2 7 7 180 — —

814 8 8 —

235 — — —

5,000 — — —

» 474 2 11 —

3,000 — — 1,000 — —

9,458 12 3

762 5 —

1,73110 6

155,705 10 3] 161,544 15 5! 232,363 4 10' 213,732 J3 7 |»4*4,965 18 4

ABSTRACT of the Charges of the Civil List Establishment, in the following Years:

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty't Civil List, per Account presented to Parliament the 6th July i?g6. at Charge in the Year ended 5th January 1791. Charge in the Year ended 5th January 1793. Charge in the Year ended 5th January 1794. Charge in the Year ended 5th January 1795. Charge in the Year ended 5th January 1796.

% £ /. /. £ d. £ d. £ d. £ ' £ '

Amount of the id Class - - 203,500 — — 205,500 — — 202,500 — — 202,500 — — 202,500 202,500 — —

2d D° - . - 32.955 3*>955 — — 32.960 — — 3*897 2 6 3*>948 3 7i 3*>955 " —

j4 D* 0 N ft lr\ OC d t^ 95*673 7 7 97,99 x5 41 87,440 *3 1 90,647 4 10} OO b 9i

4th D° - - - 147.200 — 150,079 8 167,578 i4 3i 160,260 1 6£ 182,254 11 n| 214,884 14 Si

5th D° - - - 90,96515 5 90,012 9 8i 90,270 4 8| 90,259 1 4a 89,830 3 7 89,989 I Si

6th D* - - - ti8,189 5 106,688 *9 2 103,047 >9 5i 104,836 8 7} 111,636 15 5I H3.2S8 4 4 i

7th D° - . - 81.440 — 1 79.522 12 9i 77»732 16 7i 74>2,4 17 Si 68,136 5 — 65,219 18 8|

8th D* - - 13.822 13.822 — — 13,822 — — 13.822 — 13,822 13,822 — —

Occasiona! Payments - 138,476 4 6 «55>705 10 3 i 161,544 15 si *3».363 4 ioi 2*3>732 *3 7 184,965 18 4i

c 8974oo 6 — 929.959 8 3 947,366 5 ioi 998,593 9 5i 1,005,507 l8 I 1,000,659 9 3

Appendix, (Mo. 24.)

190 Ft'brua,

continued.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,' . 19th February 180a.

N. Vanjittart.

Vol. 57.

Appendix*

' 1802.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS out of CIVIL LIST HE VENUES;

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS

OUT OF

The civil list.

Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty'sCivilLift,] according to the Account laid beforei Parliament in

1786.

CHARGE For

jib January 1787.

5th January r 7 8 S.

s. d.

Foreign Secret Service....

Home Secret Service *

Special Service and Royal Bounty -Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons.

D° - for Overpayments on their Accounts u Sundry Mnriften, each, for their Prflukes to

the Plantations ——

Law Charges .. - -; -

Horse Patrol for the different Roads - -

Riding Charges to Messengers of the Exchequer Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts Extra Extraordinaries to D8 -

For the Protestant Dill'enting Ministers in England -Do - - - - ----- in Ireland -

For the Relief of the Poor French Protestant Cl rgy -For L;ity -

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c.

Archbishop of York, for Charities a *d Arabic ProfetTor| Chamberlain of London* for Poor of said City -Rent and Taxes of Privy Seal OilVc *

Ground Rent cf Cumberland House -Rent of Mote Park ——

Chrlica Waterworks for supplyirg the Treasury D° - - - Kensington Palace and Garden -

Expence of Wind for Great Park -Fees, See. on Receipt of His Majesty YPrivy Putfc -Contingent H<fences of the Treauiry -

Secretary of State, Foreign Department, for Con--] tingencies - - - - J

D° ----- ----- Stationary J

D° - -- - Messengers -

D*.....Land tax -

Secretary of State, Home Department, for Contingencies -

D° - -- - Stationary

P° - -- - Messengers

D* - - -.....Land Tax

Secretary of State, War Department, for Contingencies ——

D° ----- --- - - Stationary

D° - -- - Messengers - I

D°.....Land Tax -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs D° - - Committee for Trade and Plantations -

D° - - Privy Council -

His Majesty's Charity to sundry Fe-1 £. s. d.

male Objects in Distress, paid at f 1,200 — — a the Treasury - - - -3 i

Fees, &c. on the Receipt of that Sum - 32 13 63

Presents to Foreign Mmilters on their Return Home Serjeants at Arms to the Honlc of Commons, for Necefl'aries ——

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Accompt ——

For the Relief of certain French Protestants -Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons - -

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners Bailiff of the Tower, for Contingent Difbmftments -Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, &c. of London, for Impoli on Wine ——

Vaudois Churches -....

Deputy Chamberlain of the Exchequer, and officeis of the Tally Court ——

Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage -Messengers of the Exchequer, on an Allowance Rent of the Secretary of State's Office -Contingencies cf divers Natures -Sir Guy Carleton, one of the Commissioners for settling Peace vGth America -Admiral Robert Digby, another of D° -Anihony Merry, Esquire, Consul at Madrid, for illuminating his House on the Coronation of His Majesty ——

Alexander Dav-son, for Hemp Seed sent to Quebec -William Milford, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Conlul Logie, at Algiers, to satisfy a Claim made by om* of the Bey's Sons -

John Udnc\, Esquire, Consul at Leghorn, for Packets of Letters, &c, ——

LiJv Dyntvir, Executrix of the late George Rice, Esquire, Ti\tafurer of the Household, to reimburse the like Sum paid for Civil Lilt, and afterwards repaid into the Exchequer -Perkins Magra, Esquire, Conlul at Tunis, to defray his Passage thither ——

Lord Rodney, for Fees on his Installation Lord Heailmtld, for D° -

D° - - - for Expences of invelting him with the

Order of the Bath at Gibraltar -Brook Watson, Esquire, for Expences in discovering a new Method ot cultivating Hemp - -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, towards the Expence of his Household -

Thomas Cottoi>, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Governor O'Hara, at Gibraltar - -

25 000 — 10,000 — 20,000 — 13,^00 — 3,coo —

200 —

7,500 —

2,8-6 i

2.500 — *.

12,003 --

2, OX) — i.;j — —

8-0 —

1'71 > 4 6,872 16 1,119 — 900 —

1.000 — 220 16 3 <6 16

3*3 52 14 150 —

4.000 —

1*741 12

2.000 —

2,600 — —

C '* d

2,.7J7 16 7

i 0.6 jo -

16,781 11 i-J

12,020 ----- *

3304 14 11

140 ——

6.000 -a- — 2.9»3 19 6 3,558 14 6

16,006 — — -

i, Soo .----

6

1,70c ——

8^ —

11*71 b 4 — 6,872 16 —

1,1*9 ——

900 ——

1.000 ——

220 16 316 18 6 $2 3 16 6

52 14 —

150 ——

4,256 1 9!;

2,000 — —

2,000 — 250 —

700 —

,232 13 6

2,955 12 4

2,425 14 10*

2,700 2 7

1,500 T- — 1,262 19 6 471 10 6

1,000 1,926 — 6 L915 *3 4

500 ' 500 339 >5 -

i,4°9 485 " ~ 465 10 —

218 8 8 218 8 6 218 8 6

co 551 9 9 306 1 —

98 ,4 96 12 — 98 14 —

1,345 4 1,845 10 4 1,845 10 4

300 168 13 — 89 6 9

600 ——

o?M *5 — 8,624 2 9

5,352 14 11

£ /*

39,884 I — 10,000 — — 28,506 16 2i

15,060 ----- -1

2,645 7 9

220 ——

4.000 — - — 2,2 6 8 6 1,261 12 —

7.000 -

2.5CO ——

5.582 18 5 1,700 ——

800 ——

1.718 4 —

61,872 16 — 1,119 ——

900 ——

I, OCO ——

220 J6 —

316 18 6 323 16 6 52 14 — 150 —

4.719 17 8

5th January

1789.

5,888 11 I

2,004 10 8

3,803 — 2

600 ——

429 — 6 7,205 10 10

5,520 17 6

C ' <*

21,508 8 — 8,560 — — 25,754 ro 2

6,826 ——

3>,83 4 9-

60 — — 8,000 — — 2,266 8 6 1,092 12 — 19,000 — — -

2,500 ——

552 2 6

f,7°° ——

800 ——

1,7*2 8 4 — 6,872 16 —

1,119 ——

900 — —

220 16 — 316 18 6 323 16 6 $2 14 —

150 ——

4,583 1 — i|

.359 8 9

1,046 — n|

4<589 S 4

5th January 1790.

tli January 1 79 *

5 th January

1792.

£ d.

32,154 1 6

6.000 — — 2J,2I2 I 4

7,370 — ' —

2-4^4 — ql

20 ——

6.000 -

3.50416 -1,857 6 9

18,000 ——

2,100 — — 1,556 10 6

1,700 ——

800 ——

1,718 4 — 6,872 16 —

1.119 ——

900 — —

1.000 -

220 16 — 316 8 6 323 16 6

*4 —

.52

150

4,444 n

2,186 2,056

s-i1

6 3}

3,388 1 II

3,646 19 4*

'3434 10 6

2,002 6 11

4>S_ 4 51

III

100 16 — 1,815 10 4

83 7 9

600 -

429 — 6 11^56 15 7>

£ * d.

26,221 10 6

10,000 -

20,063 16 9

9,100 ——

2,850 II

J. d

100 — 2,000 — 3*651 IO 1,638 19 16,000 — 5,400 —

3,208 3 1,700 —

800 ——

1,718* 4 — 6,872 16 —

1,119 ——

900 ——

!, CCO -

220 l6 — 316 18 6 3*3 *6 6 V 14 —

150 -

4>7$2 12 A

L75* 2 6

L94* 1 7

4»55i 18 11

> i

3

5

3>io9 7

22 4 9

ic.;<jo — — »6 iod

6,c 50 ----- *

2.CS4 5 9!)

‘4° ——

S.^oo ——

3»9°i 17 6 2,024 *7 3

lb',coo -

800 ——

5»79l 11 11

1,700 ——

800 ——

1,718 4-6,872 16 — 1,119 ——

900 ——

I, 000 -

220 16 —

325 *6 6

52 14 -150 — —

3.7 >0 5 8}|

J. 7J> 6

2,t30 l8 4

\ *474 - +H

I 2,297 — 10

I 2,435 8 6

9-j| 1,894 2 2

3,123 15 11 2,114 15 6

1,232 13 6 2,017 3 — 2,014 17 3 488 1q

2U 8 6

641 — 2

94 10 —

1,815 10 4

191 16 3

2,000 — — 600 — — 429 10 —

152 18 10

3*7 »3 6

>34 *

218 I4 —

8l I9 —

3*735 15 — 3>882 5 10

1,232 13 6

1,981 10 6

1*9*3 3 11

538J8 9

471 10 — 218 13 6

-9814 — 1,815 10 4

169 12 9

I,coo -

600 ——

429 10 —

193 2 10

6,762 19 —

4,219 6 '*949 3

1,232 13 6

1,228 3 8 5>4_io si]

1,370 - -218 13 6

98 14-1,818 5 —

201 6 —

282 19 6

6,000 ——

802 13 11

81 5 7

519 12 1

;f\:

/' V

4

783

from the Year ending 5th January 1787 to the Year ending 5th January 1802.

if*--':

Appendix

_________ 19° Februart

THE YE'ARS ENDED

5th January *79 3-

14,0981210

10,000 -

*7.313 5 3

7,450 7 "7

1,703 6 7i

120 ——

11,000 -

3,911 15 6 1542 9 6

20,000 ——

5.74$ *9 — 4 5&8 2 2

'iSr

1,718 i —

T2 l6 —

6,87;

|, II9 ——

900 ——

1,000 -

220 |6 —

323 |6 6 51 14-

l^O ——

5 021 19 IO

i,88c 14 1

4.598 17 8J

7,117 15 III 1,371 18 7

»9 4 1^60 14 3

4.77? 9 1 *33* 17 4

M3* >3 6

1,201 II

406 15

1,340 —

218 13

5th January

>794*

23.000 — —

10.000 -

76544 I 8

8,200 ——

1,859 17 61

100 ——

8,coo ——

3.485 19 6 1,531 19 6

20.0C0 ——

I.IOO ——

2,481 6 —

1,700 ——

800 ——

1.718 4 — 6 *72 10 —

1,119 ——

900 ——

1,000 ——

220 16 —

323 16 6 52 14 -.50 ——

5.290 3 *

1.74814 — I.COO ——

7,204 2 6 1*817 4 8

5th January

>795-'

5th January

1796.

25,000 —

10/XX5 -

S3.No 7 2*

5,810 ——

4*7 >4 4*

80 ——

12,000 ——

1,801 11 6 26,000 -

as.7 7

1,700 -

goo ——

1,-18 4 —

6,8*2 16 —

1.. 19----

900 ——

1,000 -

220 16 —

323 16 6 52 14 —

KO ——

4708 12 7I I.748 14 — 2,000 -

6,356 14 — M38 7 7

3 000 ——

1,929 11 8

4.886 10 1 2,684 1 9

1,232 13 6 1,972 6 — 1,289 3 2 627 8 3

94 10 1,818 5

99 >6

1,366 10 — 218 13 6 234 11 2t

96 12 — 1,818 5 —

10 3 3

4,000 ——

1,817 4 6

2,000 -

/. d.

25,000 -

8,000 ——

30,789 6 4

3,250 ——

804 19 4*

60 — — 18,000 — —

1,515 7 — 24,000 ——

3.000 -

6,046 7 11 1,700 ——

800 ——

1,718 4 — 6,572 10 —

1,119 ——

900 ——

1.000 -

114 2 —

323 16 6 52 14 — 150 ——

2,749 7 — *

1,603 6

1,000 ——

10,547 4 — 2,286 11 — {

3,000 ——

2,320 19 \o\

1,000 ——

239 7 10

*,103 5 24 1,232 13 6

1,236 9 2

>*493 >4 >i

,577 ——

218 13 6

252 7 7

ico 16 — 1.818 5 —

656 6 6

1,232 13 6

322 ——

i,3Sa 2 2

1,362 ——

218 13 6 180 ——

100 16 — 1,818 5 —

15* '* 3

5th January >79 7- 5th January 1798. 5th January 1799. 5th January 1 800. 5th. January I 801. 5 th J nuary I 3 0 2.

£. s. d. £. 1. d. £. * d. £. s. d. £ /. d. £. s. d.

25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000

10 coo 10,000 1,000 10,000 5 poo 10,000 .

37,608 12 ioj 24,221 13 24,907 I 5 52,738 19 64*775 9 5i 70^68 13 ii

4.010 9,650 6,870 6,680 4,2^8 12,340

3,202 1 9$ 1,964 11 gk 900 19 61 4,538 19 1,930 1 6$ 1,055 >> 3

160 — — 60 120 40 40 80

2,828 2 8 35,000 >S»°o? 15,000 IO, OCO 5,000

166 16 — — —

i,8co 9 — 9,741 13 — , 1.777 ' 4} 823 16 — 1,201 13 9 >*355 *2 3

15,000 3*441 8 5 — — —

- 9.093 '3 — 1,0*1 16 — 3,300 3,000 4,700 *

2,613 18 11 16,576 13 11 7,428 18 6 308 15 — 1.346 — 102 19 11

1,700 85O 1,700 1,703 i„-oo — — 1,700

800 800 800 800 800 hoo

1,718 j- I,7l8 A. >*7»8 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 —

6,872 16 — 6,472 IO — 6 872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 —

1,119 1,119 1,119 1,119 1,119 1,119

900 — — QO 1 — — 900 960 900 900 — —

1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 I,coo 1,000

323 16 6 323 16 6 323 16 6 324 8 6 324 8 6 324 8 6

52 14 - 52 14 — 52 14 — 52 14 — 52 14 — 52 14 —

i5° — , 150 150 150 150 150

4,805 4! 4,641 14 2* 3,640 4 — I 5,219 9 iif 4*742 16 4 ,4»~42 ,6 4

1.893 >* 6 1,748 14 — 1,749 >9 6 1,749 19 6 1,749 19 6 1,749 19 0

3,000 500 — — —

5.000 I 1,000 14,701 3 2 12,000 18,000 — - — 20,000 — — *

*-343 'S 3} 2,004 5 >1 2,510 9 11 — — —

6,000 13,000 10,000 20,000 25,000 15,000

549 9 6 549 9 6 ——

1,000 4,000 8,000 8,000 8,oco 10,500 — —

2,618 15 8 2,838 3 10 2»557 >9 7 — —

5,500 15,423 13 1 13,000 10,000 7,500

1,002 7 — 1,002 7 — 1,002 7 ——

500 3,000 4,000 — 1 — 3>i89 *3 5* 4,000 3,coo — -4

266 10 1 434 > 93S *9 7 — —

2»5°° " — 2,600 4*40° 4,: 00 2,0<3o — — *

346 6 — 346 6 — 346 6 — — —

3»>58 11 2* ,736 1 9 3,179 16 11 3»>oi 1 3$ 3,344 6 ici 3*490 17 3

1,232 13 6 M3* 13 6 1,232 13 6 1*232 13 6 I. il! 1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6

2,349 7 6 1,860 879 16 6 . 1,205 18 6 2 999 >3 —

i»373 > 5 1,622 16 7 >*471 4 — >,519 >4 2 2,625 17 11 1,372 4 2

308 IO 2{ 316 7 5 316 7 5 268 4 8 345 >0 1$ 6^7 1 — x

>*372 " T 1,420 — 1,390 10 — 1*374 1*425 2*547

218 13 6 218 13 6 218 13 6 219 17 6 219 7 6 219 7 6

390 3 7 390 3 7 390 3 7 m 508 13 2 728 12 10

100 100 16 — 96 12 — 100 16 — 100 16 — 100 16 —

1,588 5 4 1,588 s 4 >>593 5 4 1,828 5 4 1,828 5 4 1,828 5 4

- 279 1 — 402 8 9 *56 i4 — 247 2 9

1,000 1,000 — —

474 >> 474 i> 4* 480 s — "

— — ~" y „ -

1 1 111 1 ——

— — — *. 1 —

(No. 24.) 0 Februar

continued.

VOL. 57.

9 O

Lppcndix, No. 24.)

)° Fibruariiy

coniimMtd.

Occasional Payment* out of Civil List Rivenuss;

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS

OUT OF THE CIVIL LIS T — €9mt 'tnued.

Thomas Colton, Esquire, to payMr. Granville Sharpe the Demand* of Mr. John Taylor, on Account of the Settlement of Sierra Leone -DJ - - to pay a Bill drawn by ConlulMatra, toward* the Expence of a Building at Tangier, &c. -P® - - to pay Bill* drawn in the Fall Indie* -Thom at Skelton, Clerk of the Arraigns for London and Middlesex, for drawing Bond* and Contrails for Convicts -, - -

Lord Chat let Spencer, late Treasurer of the Chamber, to teimburse Civil Lid Duties, See. ... Charles Logie, Esquire, Consul at Algiers, for Extra Disbursements -

To the Marquis of Salisbury, to he paid over to the Physicians who attended His Majesty - Mr. Reeve*, on Account of the Police Office* Present* to Foreign Minister* -

Mr. Bidwell, on Account of Expence* of St. James'* and Hyde Par k* -Disbursements, House of Peer* -Contingencies in the Lord Steward's Department -D® - - - Mailer of the Horse -General Hotham, for the Youngtr Prince*

Speaker of the House of Commons, in lieu of Plate -To reimbuife sundry Expence* for His Majesty'* Service ——

Officer* of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies Expence* of the Journey of the Princes* of Wale* to England ——

For a Fine on the Renewal of a Leafeof the Mew* at

Windsor....

For Work* done at Oatlands by His Majesty's Order Keeper of Record* in the Tower, for Distnnlcments -Geo. Attwood, Esquire, for making Calculations for the Chancellor of the Exchequer ... Charge* for Fence* at Hampton Court Paik -Earl of Aylesbury, to pay Bill* on Account of the Marriage of the Princes* Royal ..

Mr. Duval, hi* Commission for the Valuation of the Princes* of Wale*'* Jewel* -Lord Salisbury, to pay Messengers Bill* -King's Heralds, for Droiu on the Creation of Peers -Sir Isaac Heard, for carrying over the Insignia of the Order of the Garter, and investing the Duke of Saxe Gotha therewith ....

To enable a Convict to give Evidence respecting Peifotis charged with Burglary -Expence* of a Commission appointing a Governor of Canada ——

Expence* on Account of a Court of Judicature at Newfoundland ....

Fee* paid on the Creation of Knight* of the Bath -Expence of Work* at Carleton House ... Meffr*. Duval an^ Co. for the Expence of a Picture for His Majesty as a Present to General Paoli D° - - for the Expence of Two Swords, a* Prelent* to Lord Howe and General Mack ... Messengers of the Court of Exchequer; Riding Charge*

Executor* of Edward Glanville, to pay a Bill for Carpenters Work done at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons ..... Lord Gwidir, Expence*son Account of Mr. Hailing*'* Trial

Their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Kent and Cum-and, to defray the Expence of their Establish-

berlai

vnents - -

William Baldwin, Esquire, as a Reward for hi* Advice as Counsel to Secretary of State -The Right honourable Thomas Grenville, a* av Compensation for the Loss sustained by the Loss of the Proserpine Frigate -Demetri Politi, in lieu of his pension -

James Wyatt, Esquire, for the Purchase of old House*

at Windsor.....-

Matthew Martin, Esquire, for the Relief of Saint Domingo Claimants ..... Mrs. Elizabeth Green, for Losses sustained by her

Huflnnd Nathaniel Green, in Italy - -

Charles Mare, Esquire, for Indemnification for Losses sustained by him at Algiers ..... Repitfcutatives of T. Major, for engraving Seal* -James Wyatt, Esquire, towards enabling him to complete t^e Enfranchisement of certain Estates held by His Majesty at Windsor -John Meheux, Esquire, to pay the Expence of Two Comunflions for the Appointment of a President and Commissioners for the Affairs of India -Contingent Expences of State Paper Office

Estimated Annual Chirp of His Majesty'tCivil Lift, according to the Account Mid before Parliament in

1786.

/. d.

CHARGE FOR

5*h January 1787.

5th January I 788.

d.

5th January 1789.

£ d.

5th January 1790.

5ih January

1791.

5th January 179*.

£. /. d. £ ' d. C- u d.

«»3 5 7 — —

1,286 16 — .

V 2,512 9 6

318 8 8 — —

139 8 — —

485 11 6 — —

5,000 . 6,190 9 6

2,133 — 6

>55 —

600 — — 127 1 1 465 7 — 151 17 6

138476 4 6 149,935 7 169,683 11 9( 145,560 17 7} 166,629 12 81 »«>i,i3S 7*1155,705 10 3

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, '19th February 1802.

ftom the Year ending 5th January 1787 to the Year ending 5th January 1802 — contimud.

THE YEARS ENDED

Vol. 57.

N. Fanfitt

d by

Append i (No. 24 19° b'ebm continued

Appendix, *

(No. 25.)

*5* Februarii.

'___________ 1

An ACCOUNT of the EXCHEQUER BILLS Issued in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, u for the Year 1801."

The Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of

THREE MILLIONS.

Exchequer, 1

the Day of February .802. J

Appendix, .

Am ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, and their Tonnage, which have Cleared Out from Great Britain to the (No. 26.) United States of America, in the Years ending 5th January 1800 and 1801: Also, for the Three Years preceding the $th January 1

Februarii *793: Uiflinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and also distinguishing each Year.

111 the YEAR Ending 5th January i3co. In the YEAR Ending 5fb January 1801. j In the Y E A R Ending 5th January 1791 In the YEAR Ending 5th January 1792. j In the YEAR Fn.ing j 5th January 1793. 1 /V ✓

t British. V Foreign. ( British. 1 Foreign. ( British. 1 Foreign. British. 1 I Foreign. ,r . 1 British. j 1 V Foreign.

Ships. T*»ns Ships.j Tons. Ships. Tons. Sh'ps. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Sh'ps. Tons. >hips. Tons.

57 14,167 1 35+ 78,683' 62 14.381 VI O VI 112,596 *45 50.977 218 39»44T *53 5S.3*8 29I 55>8c6 223^ 50.963 285 59>4,4

The Account* of Ships employed in the Foreign Trade, being prepared from General Returns transmitted from the Out Ports for each separate Year ending the 5th January, the RegiiUr General could not make up this Account in Terms of che Order, viz. 10 the 5th July in each Year, without incurring a considerable Delay, which the obtaining fresh Returns from the Out Ports of England and Scotland would unavoidably occasion.

25 th February 1802. P. Register General of Shipping.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSE LS, and their Tonnage, which have Entered Inwards at the several Ports of Great Britain from the United States of America, in the Years ending the $th January l&ooand 1801: Also, for the Three Years preceding the 5th Day of January 1793: Distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and also distinguishing each Year.

In th^ YEAR ending 5th January 1800. 1 In the YEAR ending 5th January 1801. In the YEAR ending 5th January 1791* - - In the YEAR ending 5th January 1792. In the YEAR ending 5th January 1793.

British. Foreign. British. I Foreign. (; British. t Foreign. ;< British. > Foreign. British. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships Tons. 'hips. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. 1 Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons.

4* 9.7P6 1343 IA A V. 77 17*244 S5° 124,015 3«2 64,197 246 45»*34 *47 53,102 318 62,253 >97 42,035 313 64,035

The Account of Ships employed in the Foreign Trade, being prepared from General Returns transmitted from the Out Ports for each Year ending the 5th January, the Register General could not make up the Account in Terms of the Order, viz. to the 5th July in each Year, without incurring a considerable Delay, which the obtaining fresh Returns from the Out Ports of England and Scotland would unavoidably occasion.

J. Dailey,

25th February 1802. P. Register General of Shipping.

Appendix, (No. 27.) 1° Martii.

D'

Board Wages Bookbinding Coals

Garden Expences Incidents - -

STATE of the ACCOUNTS of The BRITISH MUSEUM; 1S01.

Income Tax -Stationary Salaries and Wages

Repairs

£ J. d

- >49 IO —

- 64 8 6

10 —

6 5

the

- 56716 11

- 5° 12 —

- 1,402 2 —

£ *.733 5 10

6 6

£-4,343 12 4

___________________________________ - - cr

By Cash of 1800, in Hands of Mr. Newland and

- >140 16 9

- 900 — —

- 186 16 6

Mr. Planta

Bank Annuities ——

The King's Librarians Salary, Three Quarters The Parliamentary Grant of 1800, in full Cash due to Mr. Newland and Mr. Plana

-2,037 19 9

-1,077 *9 4

£- 4.343 12 4

ESTIMATE of AC Cash due to Mr. Newland and Mr. Planta - - £. 1,077 19 4 Expenditure of 1801 ----- - 2,731 5 10

Repairs, according to the Surveyor's Estimate - i.oooo — —

£.4,8:1 5 2

O U N T S; for 1802.

To receive the Parliamentary Grant of 1801 - £. 3,000 — —

The King's Librarians Salary - 249 2 —

Bank Annuities, £.30,000 3-Per-Cents. - - 900 — —

Deficiency - -- -- - 662 3 2

£. 4,8m 5 2

IA March 1802*

Richard Miles, Accountant.

Appendix,

(No. 2S.)

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's LAND FORCES, in the United Kingdom Tvlartii*

of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive; being 6i Days.

CORPS.

GREAT BRITAIN, JERSEY, GUERNSEY, and ALDERNEY.

, G^uSs°^-J^- } Harrington's -

2 J - D° -

Lord Cathcart's

KHoni Gunk f Th' D"k' of RWun — t',

W *»r Pin'" - -

ad - D# - - Marquis Townshend's -

3d - DJ - - Sir Wm Fawcett's - -

4th - D® - - General Warde's - -

5th - D® - General Bland's - -

7th - D® - - Sir William Medows's

ggry*'**

2J - D° - - Ll Gen1 David Dundas's

3J - D® - - Lord Grey's -

4th - D" - - Sir Rob* SJopcr's - -

tith - D° - - The Earl of Pembroke's

7S»V^, L-}L°'dP^'- —

loth - D° - - Prince of Wales's - -

Jlth-D3 - - Marquis of Lothian's -

12th - !) - - Sir James Stewart's

13th - D® - - Gen1 Craig's -

14th - D® - - Major Gen‘ Egerton's -15th D® - - Duke of Cumberland's-16th - D* - - General Harcourt's - -

17th - I> - - L* Gen1 De Lancey'i -

18th - D* - - Marquis of Drogheda'f 22d - D® - - Ll Gen Tarlcton's - -

The York Hussars Major Gen1 Wiiford's -

Ff1 G^rdf } Thc Duke of G'ouccder'i Coldstream D° The Duke of York's -Third - - D® Thc Duke of Argyll's -

NUMBERS.

353

350

5^7

4thRrg'cffoot ] Three Butt* (

9th - D® - -,) Three But' J 26th'- I)° - -

2Sth - D° - -

ac;th - I)° - -

42J - D° - -

43d - J)° - -

45th - D1 *

4 jth - I)°

5 id D°

Two But 5^th Regiment of Foot -6-th - D° -7orh . D° -93d - D* -

A Regiment o{ Riflemen -

Royal Cirri son,) Battalion - - j

The Earl of Chatham's

L* Gen1 Bertie's - -

L* General Gordon's -General Prescott's - -

Ll General Forbei's -Sir Hcflor Munro's General Smith's - -

General Adcane's - -

Gen1 Maitland's- - -

Major Gen1 Moore's -

General Tottenham's -

General Browne's - -

Thc Earl ot Suffolk's -M. General Wemyfs's -

Colonel Manningham's L* General LumfJainc's

1,138

950

950

950

1/570

950

9>0

950 95« 950 950

1.070

i,07p

1.070 850 9>o 950

1.070

9)0

1.070 9)0 850

481

4»442

2.775

2.77 5

- 3

li

2,748

718

9t6

916 1.131 718 7i8 9:6

2,246

916

718

7 8 690

912

911

Thc Royal

L: Colonel Hamilton's

I]

Waggon Train 3 J Thc Staff Corps L* Colonel Rutherford's -S \ty-six Independent Companies of Invalids Garrisons ——

Total per Annum for Great Britain, Jcriw'N, Guernsey, r.nd Alderney - J

Which, for 61 Days from the 25th 1 March iSo: to the 24th May fol-> lowing, both inclusive, amounts to \

1,270

22,090

9>992

19.273

628

446

7>175 302

- '61,176

Vol. C

Pay and Daily Allowance of Comtni (Honed Officers, Non-com mi (Honed Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. I AGENCY. Annual Allowances to Captains and Riding Masters.

1 1 1 1 1 jr. J. £ ' £ ' d.

51,848 5 — 5,524 17 4 630 5 2 879 12 —

43*626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 l6 4 733 — —

43.626 12 6 4.606 3 5 528 l6 4 733

43*626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 j6 4 733 —

49.519 >7 1 S>'35 10 n 569 17 8 733

43.626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 73 3

43.626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733

43.626 |2 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733

43.663 2 6 4,6l2 IO 2 529 3 11 733

43.626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733

43.626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733

49»5i9 *7 1 55135 IO II 569 17 8 733

49.5*9 *7 5.135 10 i* 569 17 8 733

49.5*9 *7 'I 5,*35 *0 11 569 17 8 733

39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 '4 6 733

43*626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733

4^*626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4. 733

4^,519 ij j 5»13 5 10 11 569 17 8 733

43626 12 6 4.606 3 5 528 l6 4 733

49»S*9 *7 1 5,135 IO_.II 569 17 8 733

43'6z6 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733 — —

39.9/6 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 ‘4 6 733

21>848 17 11 2,375 6 9 347 3 6 426 8 —

8i>4?s 3 6 9,361 81918 2 ,69; —

7°,293 6 — 7,678 2 9 748 8 4 «>69J

2'f-99 7 5 2,177 *8 1 226 12 6 473 «s —

3,$07 2 j0 2 A % w 25> 9 7 7 250 2 11 565

28^' 2 IC 2 559 7 7 250 2 11 565

iq?31 12 5 3.120 6 8 277 9 <; 565

9,99 7 5 2.177 *^ 1 226 12 6 473 '5 —

‘9'399 7 5 2.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 >5 —

'507 2 10 2o'59 7 7 250 2 11 565

54-09315 3 6,24013 4 5391811 1,130

23'5°7 2 ic 2-559 7 7 250 2 11 565

In'3" 7 5 2,177 18 ' 226 12 6 473 15 —

,?T9 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12v 6 473 IS —

1 ‘''37S 3 8 I 1,975 8 8 209 11 11 473 IS —

j 22'6*3 10 9 2,513 ,2 224 1 4 *5=

22'S67 4 11 *553 3 2 245 4 8 473 '5 —

22,2>a 16 8 % 2,5CO 3*9 3 5 l60

1,2i+ 2 8 *>I23 9 9 111 12 1 80

1 j2'4»4 ,3 j 1 S.oooo 1,632 6 — 6,480

~S'734 17 6 782 —; 55

,>726'476 ,« , j 183,826 16 5 19,550 12 — 34,587 5 —

TOTAL CHARCE PER ANNUM.

f s.

32,72817 11

32 3*4 11 3

4*935 9 2

58,882 *9 6

49.494 12 3

49>4<J4 12 3

49.494 12 3

SS*958 5 8

49.494 12 3

49,494 12 3

; 49.494 12 3

j 49 537 16 7

1 49 494 12 3

: 49 494 12 3

! 55,958 5 8

' 55,9S8 5 8

SS>958 5 8

45-334 5 2

49-494 1 2 3

1 49 494 12 3

| 5<-9>8 5 8

1 49-49l 12

| S5 938 5 8

1 49.494 12 3

1 45.354 5 2

28,007 16 2

138,951 6 2

87,252 2 —

87.306 17 —

94*35* 1 8

80,41417 1

2 2.277 *3 —

1 26,881 3 4

I 26,881 *3 4

ll 3 *>994 8 6

(22,277 *3 —

22.277 *3 —

26,881 *3 4

62,004 7 6

26,881 13 4

22.277 *3 —

22.277 *3 —

20,036 *9 3

25,823 4 2

26,239 7 9

j.

106,978 18 4

1,156,782 3 7

313.5.0 5 2

555.175 311

25,232 — 1

12,539 4 6 180,536 i^‘ 5

29,57' 19 8

2,384,930 15 —

398,577 9 4

y88

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 28.)

2" yiar

tentinued.

Edimate of the Charge of Guard*. Garrison*. &c.-

continued.

CORPS.

IRELAND.

6th Reg* of Dra- 7 The ^ofCarh ton> goon Guards - 3

9th - D°

Sir Ja* ST Clavr Erskine's

21 ft Reg1 of U 7 Dragoons - - 3 Colonel Beaumont's -

23d - D° - - Colonel FuIIarton's -

24th - D° - - Major Gen1 Lofrus's

28th - D° - - Major Gen1 Staveley's

ijthRe^'offoot 7 Two Batt J General Powell's - -

16th - D* - - M. General Boyer's -

sift - D° - - Ll General Hamilton's

3«d - D* - - T he Earl of Ross's -

38th - D° - - Lf General Ro^ke's -

46th - D° - - 7 Two Batt- 3 Sir Ja‘ Henry Craig's

56th - D° - - Lf General Norton's

58th - D° - General Scott's - -

6ad - D° - - 7 Two Bait* J General Mathew'j -

71st - D* - - General Gordon's -

72d - D° - - Major Gen1 Stuart's-

89th - D® - - L* General Ogilvie's

92d - D° - - Marquis of Huntley's

One Corps of Invalids -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle

Allowances to the Chaplains to the Gar- rilon of Dublin, and to the Forces V stationed at sundry other Places - -j

Total per Annum for Ireland - -

Which, for 61 Days, from the 2;thl March 1S02 to the 24th of May > following, i'.ciulive, amounts to -3

NUMBERS,

849

849

850

849 849

850

This Sum of f. 130,458. if), o. Irish, amounts, it. iiutiih Money, to

-i

For Great Thit* in, Jrifey, Guernsey.T a :d AMcnwy. brought forward > from thv preceding Page - - - J

Total

2,690

1 »°93

i,c93

r>°93 ,»°93 186

*345

712

2,186

1»°93

1,093

712

t

1,123

5,096

*7>512

661

15,269

Pjy and

D/ily Allowance of Cumin . ifinncd Of;: :c,rv,

Non 1 vrvniflioned Officers, and Private Men.

£ '

35.703 16 11

35.703 16 11

35.75* *5 —

35.703 16 11

35.703 16 11

35.75* *5

64,196 13 2

61.176,

84445

27.335

27.335 *7.335 *7.335

54.670

32,098

18,678

54.670

I I 1

3 2 6 7 9 11 3 2 7

27 335 27.335 1 7

18,678 9 11

27,103 18 3

*3793 4 —

662,218 13 4

Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men.

£. s. d.

5.243 18 8

5.243 18 8

5,257 12 6

5.243 i8 8

5.243 18 8

5,257 12 6

7,686 14 6

3>,52 3,!$2 1 —

3.152 1 —

3»15 2 —

6.304 2 —

3*843 7

2.177 18 *

6.304 2

3»*52 —

3.152 1 —

2.177 *8 3,120 6 8

1,826 12 11

83,844 7 2

AGENCY.

JT. s. d. 289 8 4 289 8 4

289 15 it

289 8 4

289 8 4

289 15 !I

4al — 4

182 16 8

1S2 16 8

182 16 8

182 16 8

365 *3 4

210 — 2

221 — 11

3^5 *3 4

182 16 8

182 16 8

221 — 11

270 9 7,

89 5

4,998 6 2

Allowances to Captains and

Riding Mailers; also, for Farriery.

£ ' *-95* 3 9 *.95* 3 9 1,952 14 2

*,95* 3 9 *<95* 3 9

*,952 14 2

1.356 —

678 —

678 -678 —

678 —

1.356 —

678 —

473 >S

*»356 ~

678 —

678 —

473 *5 565 —

720 — —

22,756 13 4

TOTAL CHARGE PER ANNUM.

If Irish.

43 88 7 8

43.*88 7 8

43,25* *7 7

43,188 7 8

43,188 7 8

| 43.25* *7 7

73,660 8 —

3*347 *9 3

3*347 *9 3

3*.347 *9 3

3*>347 *9 3

62,695 18 6

1 36,829 *4 —

,21.551 3 11

j 6*>69S 18 6

3*>347 *9 3

3 *.347 >9 3

121.551 3 11

3*,°59 *4 6

16,428 *9 4

6,108 4 4

16 8

780,614 3 —

*130,458 l6 —

120.423 to d

398.577 9 4

519.000 19 6

War Office, 7 2«1 March 1802. 3

C. lorke.

42, geo> nr.

Appendix.

789

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS, Sec. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt* and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot ia New South Wales; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive; being 61 Days.

Appendix, (No. 28.) 2* Martiiy

continued.

t —

CORPS.

8th - D° - - - Sir Robert Laurie's 26th - D° - - Lieut. General Floyd's

id Reg* of Foot, Two Battalions

The Duke of Kent's

2d - D° - - - Lieut. General Coates's

3d - D" - - - General Hall's

6th . D° - - - Prince William's - -

7 th - D° - - - Sir Alured Clarke's -

8th - D° - - - Ll Gen1 Ralph Dundas's

nth - D® - - - General Grant's -

13th - D° - - - General Ainflie's - -

14th - D° - - - Lieut. Gen1 Hotham's -

18th - D° - - - Sir James Pultency's -

20 th ‘TWO Bail"* 1} LIeut- General Le!SVs

22d - D® - - - Lieut. General Simcoe's

24th - D® - - - Lieut. General Whyte's

27 th *Two Batt"‘-'}LOrd Claxina'i' *

30th - D® - - Major General Manners's

34th - D° - - - Lord Southampton's c

35tf> 'Two Bau'* I} General Fletcher's -

37th - D® - - Sir Hew Dalrymple's -

39th - D° - - - Ll Gen1 Nesbitt Balfourb

40th - D° Two Bau"11} Sir George on>orn's -

4.lt - D® - - - Sir Thomas Stirling's -

4+.h - D® - - - General Itainsford's

47tl> - D® - - General Dalrymple's -

48th - D® - - - General Tonyn's - -

50th - D® - - - Sir James Duff's - -

53d - D® - - - Lieut. General Crosbie's

54th - D® - - - 7 Two Bat. - X MaJor General Baird's -

57th . D° - - - General Campbell's -

59th - D® - - - Major General Ross's -

60th ' s?xB;u"*i}the DukeofYcrk's -

63d - D® - - - The Earl of Balcarres's

64th - D® - - - Lieut. General Leland's

65th D® - - Lieut. General Stevens's

66th - D® - - The Earl of Clanricarde's

68th 'Two Bau* 1} Sir Thomas TriSSe's -

69th - D« - - Lieut. General Cuyler's

79* - D* - - - Colonel Cameron's

8tft - D® - - - Lieut. General Johnson's

M - D» - - - Lieut. Gen1 J. Balfour's

83th % Two Batt" If Major General Nugent's

87th . D* - - Colonel Doyle's -

90th - D* - - - Colonel Graham's

9lft - D* - - - Colonel Campbell's

Carried forward

Vol. 57.

numbers. I Pay and I Daily Allowance of Comnufli jned Officers, N on-comm 1 ilioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloathing for Non com m i ffioned Officers, and Private Men. A G ENCY. Annual Allowances to Captains end PJding Matters. TOTAL PER A

r £ 3. d. 1 3. d. £ 3. d. c *. d. £ d.

- - 35° I7»924 io 16 I,/28 4 5 293 3 7 367 17 — - -

704 . - 35*99 13 9 3-383 12 8 450 *9 1 634 9 — 39 66s H 6

850 - - 39-976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°3 H 6 733 — — 45-334 5 2

1, 554

2,246 - - 53,969 1 1 6,240 13 4 538 16 7 1,130 — — 61,878 11 —

718 - - 19,399 7 5 2*177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

718 - - >9" 99 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 IS — 22,277 13 —

713 - - 19,109 7 5 2*177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

7.8 - - 19-581 *7 5 2,177 18 1 228 2 11 473 T5 — 22,46l *3 5

718 - - 19^399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

1,123 - - 37,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 2 70 9 7 565 — — 3l.°59 14 6

916 - - 23,507 2 10 2>559 7 7 25O 2 11 565 — 26,881 13 4

718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 13 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

7.8 - - *9-399 7 5 2*177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,246 - - 54,093 *5 i 6,2 AO *3 4 539 18 11 1,130 — — 62,004 7 6

I,*47 - 28,063 — 9 3,248 *5 7 2S7 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 A f

916 - - 23,507 2 IO 2-559 7 7 250 2 11 565 — — 26, S8l 13

1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5,118 !S 2 499 5 8 1,130 — — 53,648 5 3

718 - *9*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 26 6 12 6 473 15 — 21 277 13 —

*»H 7 - - 28,063 — 9 3,248 *5 7 23 7 3 2 6° 3 5 — 42,201 4 6

2,246 - - 54>°93 >5 3 6,2 40 *3 4 539 18 11 1,130 — — 62,004 7 6

7*8 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22>277 13 —

718 - - *9-399 7 5 2.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 J5 — 22,277 13 —

1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5,118 15 2 409 5 8 1,130 — — 53.648 5 3

718 - - *9-399 7 5 2*177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

718 . - 19,399 7 5 2,177 iS 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 13 —

1,123 - - 37,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565 — — 31.059 H 6

718 . - 19.399 7 5 2.177 i3 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

718 _ - 19.399 7 5 2*177 18 1 2 26 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

718 - - 19.399 7 5 2*177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5,118 *5 2 499 5 8 1,130 — — 53.648 5 3

718 - 9-399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 — 22.277 13 —

7*8 - - *9-399 7 5 2.177 18 f 1 226 12 6 473 >5 — 22,277 13 —

6,807 - - 168,074 2 10 18,904 7 2 1,683 — 7; 3,466 10 — 192,128 1 — 7

1,123 _ . 27-,03 18 3 3,120 6 8 2;o 9 7 565 — — 31.059 14 6

1,123 - 27-,03 18 3 3,120 6 8 270 9 7 565 — — 31*059 14 6

1,147 - 38,062 — 9 3,248 15 7 28; 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

718 - - *9-399 7 5 2-177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 22,277 13

2,246 - - 54,093 lS 3 6,240 13 4 539 18 1 r 1,1*3° — — 62,004 7 6

718 _ - *9-399 7 5 2*i 77 18 1 226 12 ‘6 473 *5 — 22.277 13 —

718 _ - 19,279 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 11 3 473 -5 — 22.156 8 IO

1,147 28,063 — 9 3,248 *5 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

718 - - *9-399 7 5 *,*77 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,246 - - 54 °93 !5 3 6,240 >3 4 539 18* 11 1,130 — — 62,004 7 6

718 *9-399 1 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22*277 13 —

718 - 19,279 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 11 3 473 15 — 22,156 8 10

i>i47 - *8,062 — 9 3-248 *5 7 287 3 2 603 5 32,201 4 6

- - 904 . A - - - 1

£ > a

20.318 15 IO

S5002 19 8

105,321 15 6

Appendix, .____

(No. 28.)

2" Martii,

The Eilimate of'ihe Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c

continued. Pay and Charge of Cloathing Annual

t 1 J Daily Allowance of for Allowances

Commissioned to TOTAL C

CORPS. NUMBERS. Others, Non-c mn.iflioned N^n-comrmfiloned Officers, AGENCY. Captains and PER A I

Ofikna, and Private Men. and Private Men. Riding Madera.

! 1 £ /. d. d. C d. £ d. 1 £ d:

Brought forward - - - 1,904 ——

S ^Cr*| Colonel John Stuart's - 1,123 - - 20,989 17 — 3,120 6 8 269 9 4 56s — ". 30.944 x3

1 he Rangers, Lieut. Colonel Shank's - 433 - - 10,120 I5 4 1,128 7 9 83 H 6 113 11.445 l7 7

The Goree Corps - Colonel Frafer's - 229 - - 6,067 H 11 600 — — 59 4 8 113 6.839 *9 *T /

ill West India Regr, Major Gen1 Whyte's - 555 - - 14.725 1 10 1.57617 6 !74 l7 5 379 16,855 16 9

21 - D° - M.ijor Gen1 Myers's - 555 - - >4.725 1 10 >.57617 6 174 '7 5 379 16,855 16 9

3J - D® - - - Major Gcn: Keppel's r 555 - - I 10 >.5?617 6 *74 l7 5 379 16.855 16 9

4th - D° - - - Major Gen1 NichoIIs's - 555 - - 14.725 I 10 1.57617 6 174 n 5 379 16,855 16 9

5fh - D° - - - Colonel Cal vert's 555 - - 14.723 1 10 1.57617 6 x74 l7 5 379 16,855 16 9

6th . D° - - - Major Geir Whitclockc's 55S - - >4.7*5 1 10 1.57617 6 174 l7 5 379 16,855 16 9

7th - D° - - Major Gen1 Campbell's 555 - - 4.725 I 10, 1,57617 6 >74 '7 5 379 16,855 16 9

8th - D° - - Colonel Johnstone's 555 - - 14.611 — 7 1.57617 6 173 >7 2 3~9 16,750 *5 3

9th - DJ - - - Major Gen1 Don's - - 683 - - 17,056 IO 7 »933 13 10 188 5 2 379 9*557 9 7

10th - D* - - - Colonel Maitland's 6S3 - - 17,056 IO 7 *>233 *3 10 188 5 2 379 9-557 9 7

nth - D® - - - Lieut. Cojonel Hiflop's 683 - - I6.936 7 8 1-933 13 10 187 3 9 379 19,436 5 3

12th - D' - - - Lieut. Col1 O'Meara's - 683 - - 16,936 7 8 933 13 10 \i7 3 9 ' 379 19-436 5 3

New four.dland Regiment of Fencible Infantry 688 - - *7,118 *5 4 1.967 19 8 206 l9 3 593 15 ~ »9,s97 9 3

Ancient Irish - - - D° - 688 - - >7,128 »5 4 1,967 19 8 206 !9 3 593 «S — 19,897 9 3

Surrey - - . - - D° - 638 63,127 7»->4 *4 1 1,967 19 8 205 18 11 593 15 — I9VP2 7 8

GARRISONS, See.:

Q/chec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova

S-t tia, New Brunswick, Cap- Brecon, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent's, Dominica, Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in -

North America, the West Indies, Portugal, Gibraltar, Minorca, Malta, Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope - /

Officers of the Hospitals serving with the said

CIBR ALTARi

5th Foot, Two Battn, Major Gen1 England's 1,832 - - 46,900 4 s 5,118 15 2 499 5 8 1,130 — — 53,648 S 3

23d D° - General Grenville's - 1,123 - - 27,103 18 3 3,120 6 8 *7° 9 7 56; 31.059 H 6

25 th D° - Lord George Henry Lennox's 7*3 - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 x3 —

Cumbrian Rangers (Fencible Infantry) - 638 - - 17,01414 1 -967 19 8 205 18 11 593 «S — 19,782 7 8

Banff* Regiment of Fencible Infantry - 688 - - 17.01414 1 1,967 19 8 205 18 11 593 15 — 19,782 7 8

Prince of Walo's Own - D° 68 S 5*737 17*014 x4 1 1,967 i9 8 205 18 11 593 15 — 19.782 / 8

MINORCA:

ly'h Foot, Two Battalions, General Garth's - 1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5.118 15 2 499 5 8 1,130 — — 53,648 S 3

31st Da - Lord Mulgrave's - 1.123 - - 27,103 18 .3 3.120 6 8 270 .9 7 565 3* >059 *4 6

36th Da - General ST John's - i ».*23 - - 27,103 18 3 3.120 6 8 270 9 7 565 — — 3 f>°59 H 6

8id D' - M ijor General Pigot's 1,123 5,201 27,103 18 3 3.120 6 8 270 9 7 565 3X»°59 «4 6

NEW SOUTH WALES;

Colonel Grofe's Regiment - - - 710 17*420 XS 4 1.978 1 3 198 19 5 426 7 6 - -

For the Allowance to the Paymasters of the

Regiments of Fencible Infantry above-uiciuioned ----- - - - - . - -

To bn paid by ih; Hand of famatca, b'dng the Change of the 2C'.h Regimen: of I.iiTht 76,67^ >1,984,211 1 2 1 1222,519 14 4 21,667 3 7 145,865 18 6 . *

Dr ops, n-d ol ihe iff and 4/11 Battalions of the b^th Regiment - - . -

Which, for f> 1 Div>, f, om *he 25th March 1 j

t 8 )2 to the 24'ii M iv lo*iowirg, i.icluftvc, > 1 . - ! - - - - . - m - £

amounts to - - - j 1 1

£- '

105,3a! 15

1.835,831 14 1

6,300 18 4 2.72S »3 3

85,7a* 19 — 24,090 — —

166,33a 15 9 3.737 3 —

146,827 8

20,024 3

1,000 — —

2,397,9*4 11

84.307 12 i*

2,313,606 18 4

386,657 n 10

WirO'ice, 1 ad iWuvh 1S22.. J

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dracoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in EAST INDIA;, from the 25 th of March 1802 to the 24th of May following, both indufive; being 61 Days.

Appendix* (No. 28.) 20 Mart it,

continued*

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoon? - - Lord Visconnt Howe's - - One Troop:

Pay....

CToithing - -

Agency ——

Allowances to Ac Captain, Paymaster, and Riding Mailer -

25th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Gwyn's - - - the same -

27th Ditto - - Lord Dorchester's - - - - the same -

29th Ditto - - Lieutenant General Vyfe's - - - the same -

The 10th Regiment of Foot - - Lieutenant General Fox's - - One Company:

Pay .....- -

Cloa thing ——

Agency, - ....

Allowance to the Captain ——

12th Ditto — 19th Ditto - -33d Ditto - -51 (I Ditto - -61 ft Ditto - -73d Ditto - -74th Ditto - -73th Ditto - -76th Ditto -77th Ditto - -78th Ditto - -80th Ditto - -$4fh Ditto - -86 h Ditto - -88th Ditto - -Scotch Brigade,

General Pi&on's -Lieut. General Hulfe's -Marquis Cornwallis's Major General Morfhead's Major General Hewett's Lieutenant General Harris's -General O'Hara's -Sir Robert Ab-rcromby's Sir Thomas Musgrave's Lieutenant General Marsh's Colonel Mackenzie's Lieutenant General Lake's Major General Bernard's Lieutenant General Grinfield's G-neral Reid's -Major General Francis Dundas's

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Total

NUMBERS.

23

23

23

*3

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

92

748

84.0

Which, for 61 Days, from 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, inclusive, } amounts to - - - f

CHARGE per Annum.

Vs

£ /. d. £ d.

1,829 11 3

144 4 2

35 14 10

53 16

2,06; 6 3

2,065 6 3

2,065 6 3

2,065 6 3 8,261 5

1,443 5 5

247 *3 10

20 6 7

38 S

1,74910 10

L749 10 10

i,749 10 10

L749 10 10

*>749 10 10

*>749 10 10

1749 10 10

1,749 10 10

1*749 10 10

1749 10 10

1749 10 10

L749 10 10

1749 10 10

1749 10 10

1,749 10 10

1*749 10 10

1,749 10 10 29,742 4

2

- £ 38,003 9 2

£ 6,351 s 3

War Office, 1 zd March 1802. ]

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fkncible Infantry* for Service in the United Kingdom of Great

GREAT BRITAIN:

Royal Lancashire Regiment Regiment of the Isles Loyal Irish -Loyal Tarbert Argyll (2d) -

Lochaber -

North Lowland Tay

Ross and Cromarty Glengarry -ift Royal Manx Corps Scillonian -

For the Allowances to Paymasters -

Total per Annum, for Great Britain

both indufive; being 61 Days.

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

£ ' *

1,110 30,140 15 2

688 *9»879 9 3

6 88 19,782 7 8

688 19,782 7 8

688 19,782 7 8

1,121 30,502 14 7

588 *7.7*7 7 »

848 23,303 5 7

688 *9.879 9 3

588 17.7*7 7

675 *8.'73 *9 4

no 2*815 18 9

1,000

- 8,480 240,477 10 3

Which, for 61 Days, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following,! inclusive* amounts to.....(Carried forward) )

40,189 7 10

VOL. 57.

9 CL

Appendix, (No. 28.) 2* Mar/ii,

cmtinued.

EfHmate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, See. — continued.

IRELAND:

Aberdeen shire Regiment ——

Angusshire ——

Argyllshire ——

Breadalban* . .....-

Caithness Highlanders ——

Caithness Legion ——

Gheshire ——

Clan alpine - - - - -

Devon and Cornwall ——

Duke of York's - *

Dun barton shire

Dorhaxn..... -....

Elrin ——

Euex ——

FiMkire ——

Frafer . ..... ....

Leicester ——

a d Manx -

Northamptonshire. -

Nonhamoerland

NottingUam.....* ..

PrinceU Charlotte of Wales's - -

Reay ——

Somerset - -- -- -....

Suffolk ——

York ——

Total per Annum for Ireland -

♦ This Sam of £"$44*594* <8. 7. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Which, for 61 Days, from 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, Indafive, amounts to ——

Total for Great Britain* brought forward from the preceding Page -

Total -

War Office, 1 2d March 1802. j

Numbers.

848

588 848 848 1,121 588 588 1,1 21 588 848 588 588 588 $88 848 588 588 848 588 588 588 688 848 848 588 1,121

> 9*067

8,480

*7*547

Charge per Annum.

Iriflu

c d.

*3.337 *4 9

17.561 10 IK

*3.337 *4 9

*3.337 !4 ?

30.740 9 . 0

*75f1 10 it

17.56' 10 11

30.74° 9 6

17,561 10 it

*3.337 »4 9

»7.56i 10 11

17,561 10 11

17,561 10 it

*7-561 10 11

*3-337 *4 9

17,561 10 11

17.561 10 11

*3.337 !4 9

17.561 10 11

17,561 10 11

17.561 10 it

19,809 19 3

*3.337 14 9

*3,337 14 9

17,561 10 11

30,740 9 6

"544*594 >8 7

£.502,703 o 3

£. 84,013 7 7 40,189 7 10

£. 124,202 15 5

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack D«f artments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May following, both inclusive; being 61 Days.

In GREAT BRITAIN:

Coals and Candles ——

Bedding and Furniture ——

Barrack Mailers Expenditures ....

Lodging Money ——

Barrack Office Establishment ——

Rents ——

Buildings, Repairs, and Alterations, Hospitals, Ac. - - - - -

Beer supplied in the Isle of Wight, up to 24th March 1800- ——

Loss on Exchequer Bills

Fees to be paid at the War Office - ....

Charge for 61 Days.

In IRELAND: ——

Irish.

Firing and Candle for the Troops 20,000 — —

Regimental Officers Lodging Money - 5*3°° " —

Staff Officers Lodging Money - -- M00 " ~

Lodging of Privates, and Stabling for Cavalry ----- - 5>3°° " "

Small Utensil Money ----- --- - 700 — —

Straw for the Soldiers Beds - - - - -- -- i>3°°----

Hospital Expences - -- -- - - -- 7°° — "

For building New Barracks ----- ----- 8,300 — —

D f Permanent Barracks ----- --- 2,600----

F* *1 of Temporary Barracks - -- -- - 5,000 — —

p C of Permanent Barracks - - 35° — —

(of Temporary Barracks - -- -- - 5,000 — — 1

Bedding'and Furniture ----- ----- - 3»4°° — —

Barrack Officers Salaries - -- - 1,000 — —

Barrack Mailers Salaries - -- - - 2,000 — —

Contingencies, including Taxes on Temporary Barracks ----- 2,000 — —

£.64,250 —

Which Sum of £. 64,250. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total - - £

War Office, J r> v U

2I March 1802. J

Charge for 61 Days.

10,000 ——

5*000 ——

8.000 — —

5.000 ——

2,5QO ——

4.000 — — *'

57,250 ——

3.000 ——

3*305 ——

1,029 — —

99,064 ——

59,307 13 II

158,371 13 11

793

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain; from the 25th March 1802 to the

24th May following, both inclusive; being 61 Days.

Charge D° -D° -D° -D° -D° -D* -])° -D° -D« -D* -D# -D* D° -D° -

of One Regiment of Dragoons (Hompefch) ——

of Three Regiments of Infantry (La Chitre, Castries, and Mortemart) -

of Two Regiments of Infantry (Roll and Dillon) ——

of One Regiment of Infantry (Mcuron)

of Two Battalions of Infantry (Watterille, and Chasseurs Brittaniques) -

of Five Battalions of Dutch Infantry ——

of Two Battalions of Dutch Light Infantry ——

of One Battalion of Dutch Artillery ——

of Levy Money for Sixteen Regiments, at JT. 170 each -

of Staff attached to the Dutch Troops ——

of Foreign Depot, including Two Corps of Invalids, and Inspector General's Department of Hospiul Sta/T, Hospital Expences, kc. in the Isle of Wight -

of Aged and Wounded Officers, and for Officers Widows, kc, -

of Contingencies ——

of Full Pay to Unattached Officers, and Allowances to Reduced Officers in lieu of Half-Pay

Dedoft

- The Charge of Mefiron's Regiment, which is to be defrayed by the 1 East India Company - - - . J

Numbers.

Total -

War Office, 1 id March 1802. J

479

2,772

1,424

LI23

1,832

4.633

912

ss*

13,72 6

-jC

Charge for fir Days.

£ s.

4,675 ——

12,264 — —

6,312 -

4-743 ——

7,628 — — 20,132 — —

4,320 ——

2,600 — —

2,720 ——

1,100 ——

4,490 ——

500 ——

1,770 ——

3.500 ——

3.500 -

80,254 ——

4 743 -

Appendix,

(No. 28.)

20 Mar t

continued.

7 ——

C. Torke.

As ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of PENSIONS Charged upon the Civil List Revenues, in the several Years under-mentioned; distinguished under the Heads of " Pensions — Pensions to late Ministers at Foreign Courts — and, *' Compensations for Loss o( Offices, fice." — compared with the Estimate laid before Parliament in 1786.

Pensions Compensations

PENSIONS. to late Ministers at for Lois of Offices. TOTAL.

Foreign Courts.

£ ;« d. £ ' d. d. £ j. d.

Estimate of - - 1786 - 92,582 4 4 8,975 — 16,631 18 10 118,189 3

Amount ?n Years ended 5th January - 17*7 88,703 16 7i 9.,85 18,392 18 2 116,371 *4 9i

- - - - - 1788 86,761 9 2* „ 9.7*8 — — 17,103 8 7 113,592 17 95

- - - - - 1789 83.623 9 8f 10,481 16,404 — Si 1 10,508 10 2f

- - - - - >79° 81.980 9 5, 10,666 18 \{ 15,588 5 11 108,235 *3 5!

- - - - - 179* 79.871 3 5k 10,189 15.596 13 1 X 105,656 16 6

- - - - ,792 79-877 6 9i 10,989 15.822 12 4! 106,688 *9 2

- - - - 1793 76 594 1 4 11,564 9 2 14,889 8 103,047 *9 5f

- - - - *794 4 4 76,85a >3 7i 13,732 11 ii «4*S* 3 11 104,836 8 A

- - - - - *795 80,279 9 16,9^3 6 8 14.403 *9 -i 111,636 *5 5!

- - - - - 1796 82,307 2 ioi 17*584 5 7 13,396 15 ii? 113,288 4 4 i

- - - - >797 81,951 5 3* 18.014 14,839 7 1 114,804 12 4i

»798 81.098 *7 11 17,040 14.13' >* 2 112,270 10 1

- - - - - 1799 79.089 18 11 17,125 12 i\ 13.278 1 11 109,493 12 3

82.433 1 18,317 *>S* 5 Si 113,262 7 3 i

- - - - - I 801 81,305 S 20,103 il 5^: 12,231 6 9 113,640 3 9i

- l80Z 82.795 3 *1* 24»449 7 9i 12,043 *6 10 119,288 1 / 8 7i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

the 3d Day of March 1802. J N. Vansittart.

Appendix:, (No., 2.9.)

30 hlart.

y

Navy Office, 1 Ait ESTIMATE of the OaoiitaaT and Extraordinakt Charge of His Majistt's NAVY; for 6th March 1802. J Two Lunar Months, commencing the 26th March 1802.

For the ORDINARY For the EXTRAORDINARY

£. d.

140,403 ——

*55.756 ——

*96-S9 — —

Appendix, (No. 30.) lo* Mar

The Total of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Naty, for Two Lunar Months* commencing the 26th March 1802, amounts to Two Hundred and Ninety, fix Thousand One Hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds.

VOL. 57.

St. Vincent.

tV- Eliot.

T. Troubridge.

A. S. Hamond. J. Henjlow.

IV. Bellingham.

Appendix. A. 1802.

(No. JO.) Transport Office V Aw E S TIM A T E of the Money that will be necessary for Payment of the Hire of TRANSPORTS, and oth lit k a 9 J ^or Discharge of the Expence of PRISONERS of WAR, which will become payable between the TO* Martii % 1 °2, ( 26th March and 20th May 1802; being Two Lunar Months.

contintud.

For the Service of Transports - - - -For the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad - £ * d-1 20,000 — — 60,000 — —

£ 240,000 *

Rup‘ George. Ambrose SerU. tVm AJ Otway.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen,

8th March 1802.

ESTIMATE of what Monies will be wanted for the Service of SICK PR ISON ERS of WAR; bettveeu the 26th March

and 20th May 1802.

March

April

May

The Sum Total is - - - - Fifteen Thousand Pounds.

IV. Gibbons. J' Harness.

£ d'

10,000 — —

5,000

£- 15,000

Appendix,

(No. 31.)

io* Martri.

Am ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, for the Year 1802, as they flood

on the 51b Day of January 1802; so far as the same can be ascertained.

Treasury Bills, payable 25th March 1802

- - - payable 24th June 1802

- - - payable 24th July 1802 -

- - payable 25 th December 1802

Lottery Prizes outstanding -Treasury Bills out flan ding -Interest, Annuities, and Sinking Fund Civil Lid -Pensioni

Permanent Payments, of which the Amount is invariable:

Public Infirmaries ——

Public Coa! Yards, Rents, and Salaries Lottery Expences for Two Lotteries -D° for after Business, Comptrollers, and Inspectors

- £-9>462 —

600 ——

Police, the Kingdom at large

Inspector General of Prisons

Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts

Imprest Office Salaries

Annuities -

Judges Additional Salaries -

Royal Irish Academy

Permanent Payments f Army Baggage ... authorized, but of J Transportation of FeIons.

which the Amount I r

fluctuates: Secret Service in deteRing Treason

Compensation to suffering Loyalists, being Remains of the Grant -Raffing Men for the Fleet, being the Remains of the Grant -

Total

£. t. J.

222,150 ——

751,250 ——

100,000 ——

29,750 ——

3,350 ——

1/390 ——

10,062 1 —

16, ICO ——

200 --- —

1,954 9

2,900 — — 54,99° '9

21,022 It It

5° ——

9,465 iS 5I

10,039 5 Il£

4,123 I4 2}

1,103,150 — —

Z.19* ——

25,700 ——

1,880,205 9 if

145,000 ——

112,667 2 61

>35*949 5 —

- ! 49767 10 u

j 39*3*9 ‘8 8£

£ I 3*493*961 6 4?

James Crofton.

42 Geo. JII.

Appendix.

795

As ACCOUNT, /hewing how the M O N I ES'Granted for the Service of the Year 1801, for that Part of the United Kingdom

called Ireland, has been disposed of; d tiling uUhed under the several Mends.

Appendix,

(No. 32.)

1 20 AhirtiL

HEADS of GRANTS and EXPENDITURE.

ARMY - - - including Invalids, and £. 75,000 transferred from the Grant for Recruiting and Contingencies for the Land Forces; also £.30,000 transferred /roin Grant for Small Beer ——

Additional Pay for Dublin Duty ——

General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals -

Extra Forage for the Cav'alry ——

Garrisons with Fire and Candle, See. - -

Chaplains to the Garrifor. of Dublin, and to the Forces Rationed at sundry other Places - -

Muller-Mailer General and other principal Officers of several Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences -Recruiting and Contingencies for die Land Forces, dedufling £.75,000 transferred to the Head of * Army '* ——

IlaJ f Pay for Regimental and Wat rant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces ----- j ——

Ab'owance to Retired Chaplains ——

Alowance to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces

Ordnance for Land Service ——

Barrack Department ——

Milirary Hospitals for Medicines, Bedding7 and Contingencies

Royal Military Infirmary ——

In and Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and the Expences of said Hospital -

Militia and Corps of Fencibles, including £. 12,097. 19. 2. for Additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia, £. 37,322. 1. 7. for Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles. and £.60,000 transferred from the Grant for an Allowance to the Forces for Small Beer -Allowance to Non commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, when on a March ——

Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry Extraordinary Services of the Army

PUBLIC OFFICERS for several SERVICES -

MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES -....

PUBLIC BOARDS - .

PUBLIC HOSPITALS 2nd SCHOOLS....

VOTE of CREDIT - ....

Being in British Sterling

Sums Gra ;fi:ed« Sums P.ii d. R-.m~ins of Grant.

Irish Money. Irish Money. lrith Money.

£ J. £ s» d. £ /. j.

71 3>4Z+ 6 — 713,007 *7. „ 1 / z 416 8

9.808 4 5 9*769 8 3 38 l6 2

52>2,3 *4 1 45,684 8 11I 6,529 5

25L963 2 6 175,970 *4 5 78,992 8 1

5-7*7 16 7 . 5*597 *4 9i I9O 1 9J

622 15 — 272 2 4 350 ' l4 9*

695° 13 9i 6,001 11 9 949 2 — t

16,431 5 4 3*325 6 5^ 13,105 18 icf

12,380 3*7*2 9 11 IQ [ 15.946 2 4? 146 18 6£

5,462 7 \o\ 5,198 4 9} 264 3 — i

324,899 1 5 2 3'4>8<,9 *5 2 —

368,017 14 5 329.220 10 t 1 38-797 3 6

20,758 2 9 1 i9-983 *5 1 4 774 7 81

2*395 18 8 2,395 18 8

38,916 12 H 32,999 16 81- 5,916 16 —

1,605,522 7 6 1,572.572 18 — ?2>949 9 6

35,000- _ 3,270 4 11 3,>729 '5 I

460,567 6 8 288,265 8 172,301 18 6!-

650,000 — — 353»293 if 296,706 18 ioi

2,060 — — 2,060 — —

101,846 17 2 97,798 12 4 4,048 4 19

53,100 — — 53,100 — —

73,084 — — 72,981 5 si 102 14 6i

325,000 — — 334,368 H 10

5,142,926 1 61 4,467,983 10 1 684.311 5 4i

4>747.3«6 6 — 4,124,292 10 ii [ 631,671 l8 IO

N. B. — There appears to be an Excess of ,£.9,368. 14. 10. Irish, being £.8,648. 1. 5. British Sterling, in the Vote of Credit; which arises from some Items being included under that Head, which ought to have been dated as Army Extraordinaries.

George CavendiJJ}.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the OFFICE of ORDNANCE, for the Months of April and May 1S02.

Appendix, (No. 33.) 12° Martii.

For GREAT BRITAIN -

LAND SERVICE: f Ordinary - - - , -

L Extraordinary -

For Service in IRELAND -

Ordinary / Extraordinary

----- 36,666 13 4

4 *

Total for the UNITED KINGDOM -

£ 2. d.

- 88,000 — —

- 178,666 13 4

£ 266,666 13 4

d.

8

4

50,000 — — -

£ 316,666 13 4

Office of Ordnance, 7 12 th March 1802. j

Hone.

J. R

J. Sargent.

Vol. 57.

9r

79 6

Appendix.

A. 180;

Appendix,

(No. 34.)

130 Mart 'ti.

FIFTH YEAR.

ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been Redeemed or Purchased by them; together with the Int*rest accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame; and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a General State of the Fund; specifying whether any, and what Money, (till remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them; — And also, an Account tef Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; — Also, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them.

For Interest, and Calli to the Bank. - - - Dr,

1801.

Date.

Jan. 7.

8.

12.

*3

*5-

IQ.

20.

22.

26.

*7.

29,

Feb. a. 3 5

10, 12. 16

15,h Quarter.

Cash to Bank, and Stock bought -

By Stock bought -

By - D° - -

By - D®

By - D°

By - Do

By - D°

Ry - D7

By - Do -

By - Do.

By - Do

Ca/h to their Credit to the Bank.

British

Currency

£. u d.

36,668 14 7

*7

18.

lr;

24-

26.

March 2.

3-

5

9*

By D° By - D° By - D° By - D° By -By - D° By - D° D° Do Do By - D° By - Do By - D9 By - D* By - D»

By - D9 By - D° By - D° By - D°

By

By

By

Total 15th Quarter - - £.

36,668 14 7

By Stock bought, or Debentures purchased and converted into Stock.

C'.

In England:

Irish 5-Per-Cent.

Capital Stock, bought in England:

IrWh

at Par.

In latland:

5-Per-Cent. Capital Stock.

£. J.

1,600 -

1,600 -

1,400 -- —

1,600 -- —

1,624 *9 5

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — — i,6co — —

1.600 ——

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — — 400 — —

1,200 -

1.600 -- —

75 ——

1.900 — —

1.900 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — — 100 — —

i,6co — —

1.600 — — i,6co — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — — 1,658 16 —

Price.

Sum paid

Lish Currency.

Mai

Jane

i6,h Quarter.

t *. Half a Year's Dividend, at 5 per

Cent. £ 494*789* 3. 1. and

Stock bought - 12,369 14 7 - -

2.

4- To Cadi to Bank ... 36,668 14 7 - -

6.

7- By - D° - - - . _

9- By - D° ..

«3 By - D°

*4- - DJ r - -

16. By - Do

20.. By - Do

21.1 By - Do.

l3- By - Do.

27., By - D° .

28. 1 By - D°

3°-! ! By - 1

I 1 4- ' By - . m . _ _ .

5 I By - D° - _ _ _

7- 1 By - Do

11. 1 By - Do.

12. 1 By - Do.

l4- By - D®

18. ' By - Do

*9 By - Do - _ _ . _

21. i By - D° - _ _ _ _

25. By - Do ..

26. By - Do - -

27. > Half a Year'* Dividend, at 5 per

Cent, on £.60,033 13. 8. is

£.65,036. 9. 10. It :ih - 1,625 I. 3 - - - .

28. By 5tock bought.

ie 1. Bv - D° .

2. By - D° ... . _ _ _ _

5 By - D«

By - D*

8 1 By - D° - . _ „ . j _

9 .; By - D"

11 . By - - _ _ _

>5 By -

16 . By - D°

18 By - D° . - - - _ _ _

12 . By - D° - -

Total 16th Quarter - - £. 50,664 7 5 . - . _

43,858 ij 5

83 >7 6

84 2

84 12 84 15 84 12 83 17 83 12 83 5-

83 ——

82 5 -78 I5 —

77 7

6

78 17 6

80 1 5 —

Fi ——

78 7 6

78 15 —

77*5 — So 7 6

79 10 — - DJ -

79 ——

81 1 o — . Do -

82 -

83 5-

82 10 —

83 -

83 10 — 82 15 —

£ *.

1,342 ——

1*46 -

1,1*4 15 —

1*356 -

M75 2 8

!,342 -

In te re ft pafd i

Diy % 1 Amount.

Total

Iotau

capital! cash

Bought.

Paid.

104

105 I

jc9; 1 ic 112 i 116 i

£ i-

22 15 IO

23 — 3

20 l8 I

24 2 2 24 I*

2S, S

1,600 — — 87 x5 —

1,600 — 1 87 5 —

1,600 — 1 _ 1 86 2 6

1,600 — — ! 86 '5 —

1,600 — _ 86 2 6

1,600 — — S6 7 6

1,600 — — 86 12 6

i,6oo — — 86 *5 —

i,8co — — 88 5 —

1,600 — —; QG — —

1,600 — — I 17 6

1,500 — — ! 88 10 —

1,600 — — 88 5 —

1,600 — — 87 10 —

1,600 — ^. D° _

i,6co — — 8715 —

1,800 — — ®9 15 —

1,400 — — 88 — —

87 15 —

1,600 — — 88 —

1,600 — — 88 2 6

1,615 — — 88 — —

1,600 — — 87 17 6

1,600 — 88 —

1,620 — " " D°

1,620 — 7 8717 6

1,600 — — 87 a.

l,roo — 86 *7 6

3co — — 86 7 6

86 12 6

i,6co — - — 87 5 _

i,6co — — I 88 5

r,6co — — *7 J7 6

i,6oo — — *7 10 —

i,6co — — 87 17 6

i,6co — — 88 5 —

1,261 19 2 88 10 —

57,416 19 9

1,338 117 25 12 jo !

,»33z 119 2b 1 7 |

1,328 123 26 19 2

1,316 — — 124 27 3 6

1,260 — — 126 27 12 4

1,238 130 28 9 10

1,2b 2 13* 28 *4 3

323 972 ;«33 29 3 —

17-54 — — (137 31 8 8

59 3

x*477 5 " 138 35 *8 5

i,5*7 2 6 140 36 8 9

1,271 144 31 11 3

1,272 145 31 *5 7

79 146 2

1,304 147 3» 4 4

i»3c4 *5* 33 *

1,312 >52 33 6 3

1,332 J54 33 *5 1

1,320 15* 34 *2 7

1,328 159 34 *7 —

1,336 161 35 5 9

x»372 *3 — 165 37 9 9

35*863 19 5 - - 804 15 2

«r

1 1 t 7 1 10 8

1,396 8 1 15 1

1,378 12 212 7

1,380 J3 2 16 11

1,378 *5 3 5 9

1,382 *9 4 3 3

1,386 20 478

1,388 22 4 16 5

1,588 10 — 26 682

1,440 — — »7 5 18 4

1,438 29 671

1 3^7 10 — 33 6157

1,412 — — 34 7 9 —

1,400 — — 36 7 *7 9

l,4co — — . 4° 8 *5 4

1*4r-4 - — 4* 8 29 8

1,61 5 1© — . 43 10 11 —

*,232 — — 47 9 — 2

1,4. 4 48 10 10 3

1,408 50 10 19 2

1,410 — — 54 1116 8

1*421 4 — 55 12 3 4

1,406 — — 57- 12 9 10

1.-408 — w 61. *3 7 5

*>4*5 12 — 62 13 15 2

x*423 12 — 64 *4 4-

1,392 68 14 18 1

1,390 69 15 2 5

*59 2 6 1*126 2 6 571 *5 J5 7

1,396 75 16 8 9

1,412 70 16 13 2

M06 _ — 78 17 1 11

1-400 — — 82 17 19 5

1 406 — — 83 18 3 10

1,412 — _ »5 18 12 7

i*ii6 16 8 89 1578

S°.37i 19 8 - - 369 — 10

C- ' d

1 600 ——

i/co ----- --j

1.624 19 5 .

1 6.0 — —

I/-CO — —

1.0,0 ——

1,100 — —

1/00 ——

h‘0 ——

1*75 -

l,';t'0----

1,9.0 — —

l,6:o ——

>,6-0 — — ico — —

1.600 -

1.600 -

1.600 — —

1.600 ——

1.600 — —

i,6co — — l.bco — — 1,658 16 —

L- I

i 564 15 10

«d-9 — 3

1 :-S *3 1

wp 2 1

1.-.G I 3

i.; *7 5

1 11

1 7

1,254 *9 i

J,>4} 3 6

1,187 ,z 4

1,266 9 10

i/9° *4 3

1,324 5 —

i,i44 9 11

i*513 3 5

i»5*J 11 3

id*3* 11 3

i,3c'3 *5 7

81 -

J,336 4 4

i,337 11

i,34S 6 3

1,365 *5 1

i,354 7 1,361 17 -i,371 5 9 1,4*° 1 9

43.858 *5 5

56,668 14

1,600 1, Coo

1.6 co -

1.6 .0 -

i, 6co -

1.600 -

j, 6co -i,too -i, Soo -

1.600 -

I/CO -

i»5co -

i, 6co -

j, 6oo -

1,602 -i,6co 1,800 -1,400

1.600 -

1.600 i,6co 1,615 1, Coo i,6co 1,620 *

1,620

1.600

1.600

i,6co

1.600 i,6co i,6co

1,600"

1.600

1.600 1,261

57.4*6

1,+05 ' 1.397 >5 1

,380 l» 7

I.3*1 '6 "

i.3*‘ 5 i,386 J \ 1.39° 7 ,391 16 5

,*594 !« M45 18 +

.444

1.33+ 5 7 1.419 9 7 14c/ »7 *

Mc8 IJ 4 1 A'1,‘9 8 1,616 — i.H' " M'4 10 5 M<8 *' i4»i ,6 '433 7 4 M>8 9'°

M" 7 I M39 7

1437

I4C« 1*

i*4° 5 1 i*4°I

1*4*8

i*4*3

1*4*7

Mj4

i*43°

I9l

2 5 - 7

% 9

i3 *

I 11 19 5

3 10

II 7

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

For Interest, and Cash to the Bank. - - Dr, By Stock bought, or Debentures purchased and converted into Stock.

Date. 17® Quarter. Caffe to their Credit In England: Irish 5-Per-Ceot. Capital Stock, bought in England: In Ireland: 5-Per-Cent. Price. Sum paid in Interest paid: Total CAPITAL Total CASH

.iSci.. to the Bank. ( British Currency. > Irish at Par. Capital Stock. Iri/fe Currency. r Days. 1 Amount. Bought. Paid.

July t. Ca/h to B.irtk, and Stock bought £. ». J. 36,668 14 7 £. 1. d. 1,300 £. r d. 88 17 6 £ J- »,'55 7 6 9* £. $. *7 9 d. £ 1. d. 1,300 £. 1,172 l6 d. 6

2. By St«;ck bought 1,300 — — , S8 15 — ».»53 '5 " 99 17 12 7 1,300 — — 1,171 7 7

7- i Dy - - * - - ,300 - D° - i.'SJ *5 — 104 18 10 5 1,300 J,i72 5 5

! By d° 1,300 — — 88 12 6 l,i$a a 6 104 18 10 5 1,300 — — 1,170 12 11

9 By u° 1,300 89 5 — 1,160 5 — 106 18 17 6 1,300 i,i79 2 6

13 By n° 1,300 — — 89 12 6 1,165 2 6 llo 1911 9 1,300 1,184 14 3

14- By l>® i»3°3 10 3 89 15 — 1,169 18 1 111 19 16 4 1,303 10 3 1,189 14 5

it*. D® 1,300 89 12 6 1,165 z 6 "3 to 2 5 i,3oo 1,185 4 11

la. Bv n® - - - 1,300 89 15 — 1,166 15 — 117 20 16 8 1,300 1,187 11 %

21. By i,3co 90 1,170 Il8 21 — 3 1,300 1,191 — 3

23 By pc 1,300 90 2 6 1,171 12 6 120 21 7 4 1,300 — — 1,192 19 ¥>

2?. By !>® - - - 1,385 10 — 89 10 — 1,240 — 5 124 23 10 7 1,385 10 — 1,263 11 —

28. By P® ,300 88 17 6 I,i55 7 6 1*5 22 5 2 1,300 M77 12 8

30. iB/ - Moo 88 12 6 1,152 2 6 127 22 12 4 1,300 1,174 14 10

A'jguft 3. 1 Bv P® 1,300 87 15 — 1,140 15 — 131 23 6 7 1,300 1,164 1 7

4* Ty P* - - - - 1,300 87 17 6 1,142 7 6 132 23 10 1 1,300 1,165 17 7

6. By n® - - - 1,300 — — 88 10 — 1,150 10 — 134 23 17 3 1,300 i»i74 7 3

1 >. I p® 1,300 89 5 — 1,160 5 — 138 24 11 6 1,300 1,184 16 6

ll. Bv pb - - . - - 1,300 89 7 6 1,161 17 6 139 24 15 — i,3°° 1,186 12 6

13- i By i> - - - 1,300 89 if 6 i,i6S 7 6 141 25 2 2 1,300 i,i93 9 8

17. By l>> - - - 1,300 . D® - 1,168 7 6 *45 25 16 5 1,300 i,i94 3 ri

18. Bv i>" - - - - 1,300 ~^o 1,i7o 246 26 — — 1,300 — — 1,196 — — ,

20. 1 By 1,300 — — 90 2 6 1,171 12 6 148 26 7 1 1,300 — — 1,197 19 7

24 1 By !>» - - - - -, 1,300 89 17 6 1,168 7 6 152 27 1 4 1,300 — — 1,195 8 10

25*; fy 1,300 — — 90 ,i7o >53 27 4 IK 1,300 1,l97 4 IX

27. P* - - - 1,300 — — . Do . 1,170 155 27 12 — 1,300 1,197 12 — -

3* 1,300 - D° - 1,170 ~ 159 28 6 3 1,300 1,198 6 3

Sept. 1. 1 By n» - - - 1,300 — — . 90 17 6 1,181 7 6 160 28 9 10 1,300 — — 1,109 i\ 4

3 i B> D° 1,300 — — 90 7 6 1,174 *7 6 162 28 17 — ,»3°o 1,203 14 6

*. By - - - - 1,300 90 15 -- 1,179 !5 — 166 29 11 3 1,300 — — 1,269 6 3

8. 1 Bv - - - 1,000 — — 90 12 6 906 5 — 167 22 17 6 I,coo 9A9 2 6

10. I 61 911 90 15 — 55 16 2 169 j 8 6 62 9 11 57 4 8

1 I Total 1 ;th Quarter - 3<,668 14 7 - - - - 40,150 10 2 - - - 35,941 17 2 - - 726 17 5 40,150 10 2 36,668 14 7

1 S'h Quarter.

ppendi| (No. 34-

13° Marti

continued.

October 1.

2.

1.t

r 1 1»I >v

19*

ic.

*x.

a*.

a7*

29*

Ko\r 1.

1'i

1©.;

u.

16.

Half a Year's Pn at 5 per

Cfit.on £. 5(yi»35^* *3* c* an<^ St k k bought -

By Stock b *ught - -

Hv - I)«

By - L'®

By - n®

By - D*

By . DJ

C iffe to B ink, and Stock bought -By Stock bought -

By

Hy

By

By

By

D°

- P*

- n®

- 1)0 - u®

Drcr

19.

*3-

26.

3c.

1.

3-

8

to.

>4

IS

17.

11.

12.

By - P® By - !)®

l:/ - n® Ilv - D® Bv - !>°

By . i)®

By - P® By - P* By . 1®

14,808 iS 4

36,668 14 7

H,!f a Yrflr'i PViJ-nJ, at 5 per Cmt. jn £ 60,033. 13. 8. is / 9. 10. Ir. Ui -

By Stink bought -

By - D*

By - L®

Bv - P®

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

Bv

By

-y

r®

r®

L°

1,625 18 3

n®

D®

P*

D> 1.0 D®

TOTAL i8:h Quarter 17th - r® i6*h - D®

151S - D°

TOTAL 5th YEAR - £.

53,1^3 it 1

36/68 14 7

5c,664 7 5

36,668 id 7

"j^5

7 9

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

I.OCO — —

i ,6co — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1,500 ——

i>5°° ——

1.500 —

1.500 — -

1.500 — .

1.500 — -

i»55* <

1.500 — .

i»5co — . 1,508 iz -1,500 — -

1.500 -

1.500 —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

i>5°° — *

1.500

1.500

1.500

1.500

1.500 .

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500

1.500

1.500

1.500

643

*3 *

ss.303

401150

5?>4>6

43.S5S

89 2 6

88 17 6 88 5 o

95 -

97 5 —

97 12 6

97 10 —

98 ——

97 2 6

- D° -97 10 — 97 12 6 97 10 — 97 ——

96 10 —

96 5 —

95 5 — 95 10 —

95 5 —

95 10 —

97 2 6

97 10 —

96 17 6

96 10 —

97 -

96 15 —

95 17 6

96 -

- D° -$65 —

- D° -

96 10 — 96 12 6

96 10 — 96 2 6

- D° -

96 7 6

x96,729 16 6 -

jA1S — —

1,422 ——

1,412 ——

I,520 ——

1,556 ——

1,562 ——

1.462 IO —

!>47o ——

1.456 17 6

1.456 17 6

1.462 10 —

1,464 ' 7 6

1,5*2 9 11 x>455 ——

1,447 10 —

1,452 — 6

1.428 i,432

1.428 i»432 1,456 1,462 i»453

15 — 10 —

15 — 10 — 17 6 10 — 2 6

1.447 10 —

r>455 ——

i,45i 5 —

438 2 6

1.440 -

1,^40 ——

M43 15 — 1,443 *5 — 1^447 10 — 1,449 7 6

1.447 10 —

1.441 17 6

1.441 17 6 620 7 —

53,040 19 11 35)941 17 2 5C>371 19 8 35,363 19 5

175,218 16 a

7

10

11

*3

17

18

24

25 27

31

32

34

3*

39

4i

45

46 48 5* 53 55

59

60 62 66

67

*9

73

74

76

80

81 *3 «7 88

1 6

3

10 8

3 10 8 2 17 — 14 6

13 11

422

18 7 2 8

5 10 11 674

'5 *i

19 8

16 2 1 1 5 4 11 9 —

17 3

10 13 8

10 17 9

11 6 —

12 2 5 12 6 7

12 14 9 i3rif 2

13 15 4

»4 3 6

15 ——

*5 4 *

15 12

16 8

16 12 10

17 1 1

17 17 7 15

343 11 3

726 17 5 369 — 10 804 15 ,2

2,244 4

8

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — — 1,60c — —

1,50° ——

1.500 ——

1,5°° ——

1.500 -

1.500 -

X»5°o ——

i,55i 5 6 X,5oo ——

1.500 ——

1,508 12 —

I,5CO ——

1.500 — —

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 ——

1.500 — —

1.500 ——

1.500 — —

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

1.500 — v —

1,5 00 ——

1.500 — —

1.500 — —

,500 ——

643 13 8

55,303 11 2 40,150 10 2 57^16 19 9 43,858 15 5

196,729 16 6

I»4a7 6 3 1,423 10 8

1,414 3 10 1,522 8 % 1,558 17 —

1,565 14 6

1.466 3 11

1,474 2 *

1.461 16 1

1.462 — 2

1,468 — 11 1,470 14 10 1,519 5 10

1,461 19 8

1>455 6 1,460 1 7 i»437 3 S

1.441 14 11 1,438 4 —

1.442 7 3

1.467 11 2 1,473 7 9 1*64 8 6

1*459' *

1,467 6

1,463 19

MS* 13

1,453 15 4 M54 3 6

1.458 15 —

1.458 19 1

1.463 2 4 1,465 16 3

1.464 2 10

1.458 18 "7

1.459 15 —

628 2 I

53,38411 »

36,66214 7 50,741 — 6 36,668 14 7

J77>463 — 1°

Accruing Int-rest, gcr Annum, on £.711,696. 14. o. Capital, at £.5 per Cent. - - - 35.634- 8.

Of which Hdf a Yc.r, due X5t'i March neat ..... £.17,817.8.4.

a;th Decaster jZji.

VOL. 57.

Jer. Vickers, Secretary.

Appendix,

(No- 34-)

30 Miirtii,

continued.

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued

i^oi. — LOANS prior to 1797:

To 6 M-nths lnrm-rt «»n £. 302,67s* >7- 4* Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, Hue 25th March 1801

To 6 Mouths In'erect, af £. per Cent, on £. 60,033* t V 8. Enaiuh, is £05,0^6. 9. io. Irish, due 25th March 1 So 1 —

To 6 Month, InMeft on £ 352,065. 5. 1. Stock, £. 5 pci Ccjit. pci Aii.iUin, due 25th September ic.ol

To 6 M nth* Into rest, at £. 5 prrCert on £. 60,033. 13* 8. Enri.fi, is £. 65,036. 9. 10. Irish, due 25th September iS^i -.....-

To O e Year's llTue of the Sum appropriate 1 to purchase Stock in Ireland, by 37 Geo. 111. due 29th September iSci....

To Orre Year's ftTue of Exp-red Annuities, due 29th September i So 1

To Charges received, due 24th December 1799

To Pro.it on Exchange

Out of which is to be deduced:

Charge' inrur:ed by receiving and remitting Interest of Stock in England - -

1801. — LOAN of 1797, for £. 5co, oco:

To 6 Months in'.ere ft on £. 2f,c34. 19. 6. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March 1801

To 6 Monrbs Irterest on £.28,526. 7. Stock, £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1801

To Cash paid the Ba k, being One YcaiN Appropriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 29th beptember 1801 - - r

1801. — LOAN of 1797* for £.635,000: (

To 6 Months Inter-ft on £.31,794- 8. 5. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, dde 25th March 1801 - -

To 6 Months Interest on £. 36,228. 9. 4. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1S01 - -

To Cash pa d the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 29th September 1801 - -

1801. — LOAN 0^1798, for £.328,000:

To 6 Months Interest on £. 11,55"*. 14. to Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March iSoj

To 6 Months Inreu:ft on £. 13,710. 8. 11. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1801 - -

To Cash paid the Rink, being One Year's. Appropriation cf £. 1 per Cent, due 29th September 1801

iSci — LOAN/of 1798, for £.1,715,950:

To 6 Months Interest on £ 60,464. 19. 4. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25 h March 1S01

To 6 Months Inter ft on £.71,726. 19. 6. Stock, £ 5 per Cent, per Annum, d c 25:^1 Se, tember 1801 .

To C.-fh paid the L ink, b»hng One Year's Appropriation of 1 per Cent, due 29th September 1801 -

' 1801. — LOAN of 1799, for £-2,cco, oco:

To 6 Months Intern ft on £.41,746. 3. 6. Stock, £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March i?oi - -

To 6 Months Irterest bn £. 53 648. 8. 8. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1801 - -

To Cash paid the Hank, be. 117 One Year's Appropriation of £- 1 per Cent, due 29th September 1801 -

SINKING FUND to LOANS.

Cr.

1801. — LOAN of *800, for £. 2,50c, 00c:

To 6 Months I nt err ft on j* 21,915. o. 2. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25 h March iSci

To 6 Months Interest on £. 36,450. 14 6. Stock, £. 5 per Cent per Annum, due 25th September 1S01

To Cjfh paid th'* Hank, being One Year's Appropriation of £. j per Cent, due 29th September iSci -

CASH

Received.

£ * d.

7,566 17 II

1/625 18 3

8,801 12 7

1,625 18 3

67,635 8 4

2,250 ——

263 11 4

138 3 7

89,907 10 3

44 1 10

625 17 6 713 3 2

5,000 — —

794 *7- 3 905 14 3

6,350 ——

TOTAL

Received.

&88 18 10

34^ 15 3

3,280 — —

1,511 12 6 i,793 3 17,159 10 —

1,033 13 1

i,34i 4 3

347 17 6

9" 5 4

2C, OCO — --

89,863 8 s

6,339 — 8

8,050 11 6

3,9u 14 1

20,464 6 —

*2,374 *7 4

26,459 x 10 177,463 — 10

igOI. — LOANS prior to 1797:

By Sf^ck purchased between 25th December 1800 and 25th December ibex ——

STOCK

fought.

£ d.

99*479 3

1801. — LOAN of 1797, for £.500,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1800 and 25th December 1801 ——

1801. — LOAN of 1797, for £. 635,000:

By Stock purchased, between 25th December 1800 and 25th December 1801

7,020 4 1

8,91513 1

1801. — LOAN of 1798, for £.328,0001

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1800 and 25th December 1801 ——

1801. — LOAN of 1798, for £. 1,715,950:

By Stock purchased between 25th December jiSco and 25th December 1801 -

1801. — LOAN of 1799, for £.2,000,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1800 and 25th December 1801 ——

1801. — LOAN of 1800, for £.2,500,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1800 and 25th December 1S01 ——

4,338 1 —

22,694 15 3

24,85! 16 5

29,42918 4

196,729 16 6

6,339 - *

8,050 11 t

3»9X 1 H l

20464 6 —

42,3:4 17 4

26459

177*4*3 — 10

24th December 1801.

Jer. Vickers, Secretary.

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued*

Dr -

- A GENERAL STATE of the FUND for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT. - - - C'.

To ISSUE, by Act of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners:

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1801 ——

To ISSUE, on Loan of £.500,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act palfeu 6th June 1797:

1 Year, to and for 29.:* September 1801 -

To ISSUE, on Capital Stock of £.635,000. created by Loan under the Lart recited Act:

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1 So 1 - - 1

To 1SSUF, on Expired Annuities;

1 Year, to and for 29 th September i3oi -

To ISSUE, on Loan of £. 328,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4m June 1798:

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1801 ——

To ISSUE, on C-pi al Stock of £.1,715,950. created by Loan under the iaft recited Act;

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1801 ——

To ISSUE, on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000. created by Loan, by Act passed 7th May 1799;

I Year, to and for 29th September 1S01 ——

To ISSUE, on Capital St^ck of £.2,500,000. created by Loan, by Ad parted i August 1S00:

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1801

To INTEREST on Stock purchased,

In IRELAND:

Months, to 25th March? _ ___.. _

on £494,7*9. 3- > i 11>369 ,+ 7

l5,h. S'PtF J.....i4)So8 18 4

,356.13.0.5 *

r £

67,63s

Tor 6 1801

£. 1. d.

For 6 - D° - 25th Septr 1801, on £. 592,

In ENGLAND;

For 6 Months, to 25th March? 1801, on £.65,036. 9. 10. J

1

For 6 - l)°

2cth Sept*

1801, on £. 65,036. 9. 10.

To received Charges, due 24th December 1799 To Profit on Exchange -

1.625 18 3

1.625 18 3

s. d.

8 4

5,000 — —

6,350 ——

2,250 ——

3,280 ——

17,159 10 —

2c,eoo — —

25,000 — —

30,4*0 9 5

263 ii 4

138 3 7

>77,507 *

8

Appendix <Nj. 34.) 13° Martii,

cent niej.

By PAYMENT for Dcb?ntures bought, and Stock purchifed, from 25th December 1800 to 24th December 1801, to Amount of £. 196,729. 16. 6.

By BALANCE for Commission, Brokerage, Portage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £. 1,500. 16. 10. English, for 6 Months Interest on £ 60,033. *3* to 25th March and

25th September 1801

An ACCOUNT of the Whole EXPENCES attending the Execution of the Tower* verted in the Commissioners for Reducing the NATIONAL DEBT; and of the Clerks and other Officer* appointed by them 3 and of the Annual Allowance for their Service.

An ACCOUNT of EXPIRED TERMS and ANNUITIES,

J;r. Vickafi, Secretary, per Annum Rob1 Deey, Broker, - - D° -

200 — — ICO — ---

Commission, Brokerage, Portage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £. 1,500. 16. 10. English, for 6 Months Interest on £.60,033. 13. 8. English $ to £. s. d. 25th March and 25th September - - - - 44 1 10

Portage here - 3 —

44 4 *0

Stationary, ard Incidental Charges, from 25th December 1800 to

14th December 1801 - -- 7 18 1

L 35* 3 *

1785. — Short Annuitiei Expired 25th of December 1797, Yearly

CI. *

- 2,250 —

24th December 1801.

Ja. Vickers, Secretary.

VOL. 57.

9S

8oo

Appendix.

1802,

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

18* Martiu

Aw ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT, by the Interest of any

7*d Session of the said Act And also, of the Produce of the several Duties, granted ford.fraying

By VIRTUE of an Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. *8. the Sum of £.4,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793, upon

the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.72 contributed, to £. ioo Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent.^ Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - - - . - -

£ ». i

6,250,000 -

The Annual Charge in % efpeft of the said £.6,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.2,812. iox. for Management, is-- ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.6,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to ----- - -.....- ....

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1802

£ /. 4.

190,312 10 —

62,500 — —

252.812 10 — 27,704 14 11 280,517 4 11

By VIRTUE of an Act 34. Geo. III. Cap. 1. the Sum of £. 11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1794, upon

the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

To £. 25 Capital Stock, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to And to I!/. 5^. per Ann. for 66 J Years, amounting to

By VIRTUE of Two other Acts, 34 Geo. III. Cap. 21. and 56. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to £. 101 Capital Stock, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to - - - - -. -

£ - - '

1,000,030 — —

2,750,000 ——

62,791 13 4

1,926,525 12 5

The ANNUAL CHARGE, in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows;

In respect of the said £. 11,000,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.4,950 for Management -

D° - of the said £.2,750,000, £.4 per Cent. Annuities, including £.1,237. ioj. for Management -

D° - of the said Annuity of ils, 5 J, perCent. including £.706. 8x. I \d, for Management -

D° - of the above £.1,926,525. T2J. 5</., £.5 per Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills,

delivered up to be cancelled, including £.866. 18/. 8\d. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.11,000,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to.....

D* - of the said £.2,750,000, £.4 per Cent. Annuities

- D° -

Viz.

£ ' l 354.95° ——

111.237 10 — 63.49s 1

97.«93 4 4

110,000 ——

27,500 —

D° - of the future aft ual Value of the said Annuity of its, 5 d, perCent. for 661 Years, at the End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to ——

D° - of the above £.1,926,525. 12/. 5 </.*£. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D° - -

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1802 -

332,503 7 — i i,.o5>8»7 7 9i

Loan that lath been made, or-Annuities Created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. IIL Cap. ij.# as required by the the Charge incurred in respect of the fame; in the Year ended the jth Day of January 1802.

(No. 35-)

18° Martii.

The PROD#UCE of the several Duties, granted by the A As under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the

Public Debt, treated in the Year 1793:

Per Act 33 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits Cap. 28.

D® - - of the Stamp Duty on Certificates used for killing Game - - - - D#* -

D° of the Duties on Pills and Receipts, after deducing £.128,600 per Annum carried to the

Consolidated Sump Duties - -- -- - - -- - D®

Referred out of the Duties per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in lieu of the Duty of £.10 per Cent, per Af* 33 Gf.o. 111. Cap. 28. repealed by the aforesaid Acts - 1....

1

£ ' /. 53,926 — --

*3>33S 3 107,466 1 3

£ 280,517 4 ii

The PRODUCE of the several Duriu, granted by thp Arts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge

of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1794:

Per Act 34 Gxo. Ill

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits Cap. 2.

D® Foreign Spirits - - - - < - - - g.

D° - - of the Duties on Foreign Spirits - *♦----4.

D® - - - - on Sugar - - --D°

D® - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Gerkship to Solicitors and Attornies ----- 14.

D* - - of the Additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles - - - - -15.

.....D®.....Customs.....D®

1>® - - of the Duties of Excise on Paper, after deducing £.75,000 carried to Ctmfolidated Excise Duties - 20.

D® - - of the Duties of Customs on D® ----- ----- - 20.

D® - - of the Additional Duty on Glass - - - - 27.

L® - - of the Duties on Slates and Stones ---* 51.

c

£ /. 53,5,0 — —

214,619 — —

204,506 — —

22,^22 5 3

64., 59 ——

486

117,404 ——

1,728 9 9

49., 37 ——

>S»«9S i3 5l

742,985. l6 II|

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in the Year 1794, should be added the Amount of those on Su^ar received in the Year ended 5th January 1802, which were granted in 1794, to defray the increased Annual Cha.ge of ;he Public Debt created in that Year, but are now granted Annually - . - - - 362,841 10 10J

£. 1,105,827 7 9!

- —

Vo L.

SI-

Appendix, (N\, 33.) i8tt Martiiy

continued.

V ——

8 02

Appendix. t

A. i Fo2.

Accompt of all Additions which have been madetotke

By VIRTUE of an Act 35 Geo. HT. Cap. 14. the Sum of £. )S,cco, coo was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795,

upon the following Term*; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ ICO contributed.

To £. 1 go Capital MOwk, £. 3 per Cent. C mfolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

To £.33. 6/. 8./. Capital Stock, £.4 oer Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to an Annuity of S s. 6d. for 65 £ Years, to which a further Annuity of X J. For the same Term was added by Ad 35 Geo. 111. Cap. izd. amounting together to....

/- 1. d

i8.occ.oco ——

6,000,200 ——

85,5co ——

By VIRTUE of another Act, 3; Geo. ITT. Cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bilb, to £. 10S Capital Stock, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities.

1/0^,897

17

1

The ANNUAL CM ARC £, in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of the fail £.18,000,000. f 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annur'cs, ir.cbCing /. 8,100 for Management D° - - of the said £. 6,000,000, £. 4 per C*nt. A 'iKJ 'ies, including £. 2,700 for M nagoment -D° — of the above Annuity of 9;. 6 d. peJ-Cent, for 65 } Year*, including £.961. l7 s- for Minapement -

- of the above £. 1,609,897. 17/. id £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu ot Navy and Victualling Bills canceiTd, inclu ling £. 724 9ild. for Management ——

One*Hundredth Pait of the said Capital Stock of £.18,000,000, £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated An-mi'ies, iflu 1 Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act, 32 Geo. 111. Cap. 33. amounts Annually to ——

D° - - of the said £.6,000 cco, £ 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D° - - - - D° -

D° - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 9 /. 6 J. ye Cent, for 63 £ Years, at the End of 45 Years - D° - D°

D° - - of the Capital Stock of £. 1,609,897. 17^. 1 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - --D°--- D°-

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended $:h January 1802 - -

C s. d

548,-00 — —

24^.700 ——

86,461 17 6

81,219 6 I!

X?0,000 — —

60 AOO ——

12 80 ——

16 .9 1) 6

1.476,190 9 6[

By VIRTUE of an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 12. the Sum ot £. ifi.o^o,oco was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1796,

upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for ev rv £ too contr bated.

To £. 120 Carital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Con c l kited Annuities, amounting to £. 21/00,0^0, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to cample thei Payments* to - " -

To £. 25 Capital Stock in £. 3 per Con*. Reduced Annuities ——

And to an Annuity of 6j. 6d. per Cent, lor 64. £ Years, amoun i:ig to - -

0 I

21.595.800 ——

4,300.0.0 — — 58,500 — —

By VIRTUE of another Act, 36 Geo. HE Ctp. 74. the further Sum of £. 7,500,000 was borrowcj for the Service of the same Year, upon the followi ig Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entiTlad, for every £. jeo contributed,

To £ izo Capital Stock,-in the £.3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £.9,000,000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to ——

To £.25 Capi al Stock, £.3 perCcnt. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,875 000, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglectHig to complete their Payments, to--- And to an Annuity of 5s. 6d. for 65 J Years, amounting to the Sum of £.20,625, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to ——

And, by VIRTUE of another Act, 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled. for every £. too contained in fuc ' Bilb, to £. 103 C *piral Stock, £. 5 pet Cent. Annuities; and the lVomietors of certain other such B 11s, likewise delivered up to be cancelled, lor every £. 100 contained therein to £. 104 Capital Stock, £.5 per Cent. Annuities*, the Whoie amounting to

8,934,200 — — 1,859,5^; — 20,382 ' 7 6

4414,074 4 6

The ANNUAL CIIARG E in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as fallow

O

In respect of the said £.21,595,800, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.9718. 2 s. 2d, Management - - - - -'

D° - - of the said £.4,500,000, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 for Management D° - - of the above Annuity of 6/. 6 d per Cent, for 644 Year, including £.658 2J 6d. for Management -One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stcck of £. 2!,595,800, £. 3 p r Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to D° - - of the said £.4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - - D° -

D° - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6 s. 6d. per Cent, for 64 £ Years, at the End of 45 \ cars, Blued to the said Commissioners, as above ——

<3

In respect of the above £-8,934,200, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.4020. 7/. 9 T d.

Management - - - - - - £ 272,046 7

D° - - of the above £. 1,859.625, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. S36. 16/. 7./.

for Management ——

D° - - of the Annuity cf 5/. 6d. per Cent, for 63 \ Years, including £.231. 11/. for M nagement ——

b One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.8.934.200, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, Blued Quarterly to the Commflione,s for reducing die National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

D° - - of tee said £.1,859.623, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D° - - - D1 - -D° - - of the future a&aal Value of th Annuity rf 5 /. 6d. per Cent, for 65 £ Years, at the End of 4$ Years, Blued to the said Comnullionc s, as above -

89 342 — -lS>>96 5

£ -< '

Tin respect of th^ ft'd £. 4 414.074. 4s. 67. £. 5 per

- 71 j Navy, Victualling, mu Traiifpoit Bills, delivered 1 f 7\ for M.ina?ement ——

& '

per Cent. Annuiries, granted to the Prop'ietors of up to be cancelled, including £ 1,986. 6s. 8 d.

----- --- 222,690 —

One Hun 'red h Part of the said Capital Stock of £.4.414074. 4s. 6d. £.5 per Cert. Annuities,

issued Quattcrly to the CommBiioners for reducing the National Debt - - - 44,140 14

al C'hir£e l^e *c Debt, &c- — ami nut2,

rjjlC PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of the

PubLie Debt, created in the Year 1795 *

P<*r Ad 35 G £0. III.

The Produce of the Additional Duties cn Wine - -- Cap. 10.

- - of - - D° - - - cn Sweets - - - D°

po . - - of * D° - - on British Spirits - - - -11.

po . - of - - D° - - - on Foreign Spirits - - - - 12.

... of - - D® - . - on Tea - - - 13.

po ... of - - D* - - - on CoiTce and Cocoa Nuts

p« . - - of the Duties on Fruit, Salad Oil, &c. . '

j> . - - of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals -

!) - - - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, & c. ——

D& . - - of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates -

D® ... of the Addition ll Stamp Duties on Receipts ——

D° - - - of the Duties cn Spirit Licences -

D# - - - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances ——

Culh brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Poll Office, pursuant to Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18.

D®

20.

D®

55*

49-

55-

59

63-

c

jr. d.

526,956 ——

8,983 — — 49,122 — — 216, S74 — —

239.417 ——

22,804 — — 68,856 10 3

16,015 9 4$ 34,806 — 9

74,869 9 5

8,550 15 10

2,000 --- —

166,939 3 *»

40,000 --- —

1,476,190 9 6£

The PRuDU CE of the several Duties, granted by t ic Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual

Public Debt, created in the Year 1796:

Per Art 36 Geo III

The Produce of the Additional Duties on T obacco and Snuff Cap. 13.

D® - - - of the Duty 0.1 Ilorfe Dealers Licences - - - - -17*

- of the Tax on Legacies, after deduding j[. 41,079, carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties, prior

tp 1793.....- - 52.

of the Duties of Customs cn Wines 123.

of the Duties of Lxcifc on Wines - -- - D°

D°

of the Additional Dut.cs on Sheets ----- --- D®

* of the Duties on Hats, after deduding £.9,479. 11 s. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties - - 125.

lt to this Account from the Consoli 'a'ed Dut cs of C'jfto^s per Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. in Part of f. 116,676. 5/. S d. the computed Annual Savi. g to the Public on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar ——

D* .

per Ad 38 Gfo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. in lieu of the Duties of 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes, per Ad

36 Geo. 111. repealed, at £. 80,150 per Ann. ——

D® _

per Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Hortes used for Riding, in lieu of the former Duty then

repealed, at £. 106,000 per Ann. -

D* „ .

per Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. a*, from the Duties on Horses uf*I for Husbandry, in lieu of the former Duties then repealed, at £. 95,000 per Ann.' ——

Pf r Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. from the Duties on Dogs, in lieu of the former Duty, then repealed, at £. 70,000 per Ann. ——

D'

P^r Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 63. out of the Duties on Salt, at £. 32,000 per Ann. -

Charge of the

£. S. dm

175,002 —

885 14 6

68,321 11 5

506056 13 6

I, COO — '

9>28i — ~

2b9S2 H 3

100.000 16 61

84,959 6 s

106.000 — — v

95.000 — —

73,76019 3$

32.000 — —

Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1S02 - -

1,277,220 15 it 573>152 7 4

*850.373 3 3

Appen(^ix> (No. 35)

18° Jl Jartii,

continued.

Vo 1.

57-

9T

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

1 S° Alu,

continued*

Account of all Additions which ;.ave been made to the

By VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1797,

upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contrbutors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 112. 10/. Capital Stock, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to £.20,250,000, but which was reduced by sundry Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to- - -

By VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. IIL Cap. 57. the further Sum of £. 14,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following 'lerms; Vfz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £.125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - -

To £ 50 Capital Stock, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to ——

To £.20 Capital Stock, £.4 perCent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to an Annuity of 6/. 6 d. for 62 Years, subject to a D/dudion in case the further Sum of £.3,500,000 should not be raised for the Service of the Year 1797, and the Sum ot £. 1,620,000 only having been raised, it was reduced to 6 s. amounting to ——

By VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. Ill, Cap. 59. for guaranteeing a Loan of £. 1,620.000 to the Emperor of Germany, the Contributors to the same were entitled, for every £. ico contributed, to £. 226. 10;. Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

' Which Annuities, upon the Failure of depositing in the Hands of the Bank of England fufneient Monies to piy the fame, and of a Sum equal to £. 1 per Cent, upon the CapitaL of the said Loan* are charged upon the Consolidated Fund.

And, by VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 9. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer bills, who delivered up tire same to be cancelled, v.ere entitled, in lieu thereof, to a Capital Stock in £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £.18,440,874. 10/. id. but which was since reduced by the Navy Oflice withdrawing Checques to the Amount of £, 3,643. 18/* arul by several Alterations made by the Bank of England, to ——

To a Capital Stock in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

And to a Capital Stock in £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, amounting to ——

£* * d.

20,124,843 15

18,125,020

7*250,000

2,900,000

43»£co

3,669,300

18,437*874 9 4

869,293 II (3 2*300,798 II IQ

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

~ . In respect of the said £.20,124,843. 15 /. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, including £.9,056. 3*. 7d. for Ma-

5 o ° J nagement ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 20,124,843. 15 s. £.; perCent. Annuities, ifl'ued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

rIn respect of the said £. 18,125,000 £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Ar for Management

kies, including £.8,156. 5/.

2 ( o '

<3

c

2 < o Y

<3

D° - - - of the said £. 7,250,000 £.3 perCent, Reduced Annuities, including £. 3,262. io/.

for Management - -

D° - — of the said £. 2,900,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, including £. 1,305 for Management D° - - - of the Annuity of 6s. per Cent, for 62$ Yrears, including £. 489. 7 s. 6d. for Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,125.000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ifl'ued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. HI. Cap. 55. amounts Annually to ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.7,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, ifl'ued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to ——

D° - - - of £.2.900,000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, D° - - - D° -

D° - - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 6s. per Cent, for 62 J- Wars, at the End of 4.5 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to -

Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 16438,175. 5/. £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7,397. 3 s. 6}d.

for Management ——

D°---- of £.765,427. ii/. 6 d. £.4 perCent. Annuities, including £.344. 3/. 10 J. for Management ——

D° - - - of £.2.034,889. 11/. id. £.5 perCent. Annuities, including £-915. 14/. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 16438,175. 5/. £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ifl'ued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D° - - - of the said £.765,427. I!/. 6d. £.4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D° - - - D°

D° - - - of the said £.2,034,889. 11/. id. £.5 per Cent. Annuities - - D°-D°

£* /. d.

1*015,298 7 4

201,248 8 9

And the ANNUAL CHARGE, on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Exchequer- Bills, delivered

up to be cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

C\

rL

O

o

M

o

up

In respect of £. 1,999,699. 4/. 4 d. Capital Stock, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including

£.899. 17/. 5Id. for Management..- -

D°--of £.104,432. 5/. 8d. Capital Stock, £.4 per Cent. Annuities, including £.46. 19/. 10Id.

for Management ——

D# - - - of £.270,202. 4/. 8 d. Capital Stock, £.5 per Cent. Annuities, including £.121. 11 /. 9}*/.

for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 1,999.699. 4/. 4d. £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, iflfucd Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D° - - - of the said £. 104,432. 5/. Sd. £.4 per Cent. Annuities-D° - - - D° -

D1 - - - of the said £.270,202. 4/. 8d. £.5 perCent. Annuities - - - - D® - - - DJ -

£ /. d.

S 51,906 5 "

220.762 10 —

43,989 7 6

00 N 0 >

72,500 _ —

29,200

5-9*° —

Vidualiing, and

500,542 8 8f

30,961 10 10

102,660 3 6

164.581 IS —

5 6

23,348 17 10

:r-Bil!s, delivered

60,890 16 91

4,224

13,631 *4 —

19,995 19 10

1,034 6 4

2,}02 — 4

1422.633 $ 6

826,549 1 4v

By Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144. £. 1,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Tntcrcfl and Charges to be provided for in such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore the Expences or. that Account, which arc paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, and amount Annually to

102,490 3 —

3,368,219 2 Ilf

126,871 1 io\

3,241,348 1 1

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c. — continued.

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge Of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1797:

Appendix,

(No. 35-)

18* Martii,

continued*

Per Aa 37 G F.o. III.

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks

D° - - - of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts

D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Tea -

D® - - of the Additional Duty on British Spirits

D°.....D®.....Foreign D® -

D°D® - - - Auctions -

D° - - - of the Duties of Cullonu on Sugars -D® - - of the Additional Tax on Stage Coaches -

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland

Cap. 14. D°

D°

D°

D®

u*

- 15.

- 16.

- *7-

D® - - - of the Additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, after deducing £. 156,605, carried to Consolidated Stamp

Duties - ----- ----19

TV Arrears of the Additional Tax of £. 20 per Cent, on AHefted Taxes -Tlic Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate

D° - - - - of the Duties on Spirit Licences - -

The Arrears of the Tax on Clocks and Watches

The Produce of the Additional Tax of 3/. per Pound on Pepper

- 69.

- 90

- 102.

- I08.

- no.

Rcfcrved out of Consolidated Letter Money, by Act 41 Geo. III. Cap. 7. for of a Year, at £. 198,408 per Annum, to 5th January i3j2 ——

Surplus of Letter Money, after reserving the Sums directed by Acts 35 & 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. in the Quarter ended 5th April 1801 ——

D* - of the Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows 179S, after reserving the Sums directed by Act 38 Geo. Ill Cap. 40 ——

D® - of the Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sums directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40,

D° - of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 Gio. Ill c-P-4«- ....

D* - of the Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Riding, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap/41.

- of the Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, after reserving the Sum directed by Act 38 G«0. III. Cap. 41*

D° - of the Consolidated Duties on Four and Two-Wheeled Carriages, D* - - - Dtf, Cap. 41. - - *

D# - of the Consolidated Duties on Dogs, after reserving the Stim directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41#

D° - - - -.....- - - - on £. 10 per Cent. Anno 1793 -

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in 1797, should be added, the Amount of those on Sugar, received in the Year ending $:h January 1802, which were granted in 1797 to defray the Annual increased Charge of the Public Debt crcuted in that Year, but are now granted Annually - -

By the Deficiency of this Fund in |he Year ended 5th January 1802

£. s. d.

35,028 — —

6,061 1 3

285,141 — —

52,754 ——

215,469 6 8

77,655 ——

72,000 3 9

54,321 5 6

5,$oo ——

592,714 4 11 5,486 2 7

— 18 — 500 — — >>123 4 2

96,634 — 10

148,806 — —

85,361 — —

454,485 12 1}

38,601 2 9

164,878 4 10$

90,857 1 Ilf

64,215 22 6i

8,139 11 6

1,712 2 7§

2.557.444

16 2

340,16519 —

2,897,61015 2

343-737 5 11

3,241,348 1 1

Vol. 57.

Appendix, (No. 35.) 1S0 Martii,

continued

Account of all Additions which have been madototht

By VIRTUE of an Act 3S Geo. III. Cap. 37. the Sum of £. 17,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 17;$, ut. n

the fallowing Terms; Via.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £ 5° Capital Stock, £ 3 per Conr. Coaiolidated Annuities, amount ng to To C' 5° D° - - £. 3 per Cent. R duced Annuities -And, to an Annuity of 4s. 11^. lor 61 Years, amounting to -

r, * *'

25,503,-00 ——

b,;oo cco ——

22.125 — —

By sundry Act?, exp'ained and amended by an Act 37 Geo I IT. S TT. 2. Can. 11. Provision wac made for Payment of the Annuities and Chart's in respect of £. 8.000.000, Pat of the hoove Loan cf £ 17,000,000, out of CMtain Monies therein speciSed; therefore, i«c Duties on the other bme are n.aJc chargeable only with the Annuities and Cha.gcs of the remaining £.9,000,000 of the said Loin.

The ANNUAL CHARGE in re.pedt of the Annuities created by the above A&, is follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 13,500,000 Capital S:ock, f. 3 per Cmt Consolidated Annuities including £ 6,074 for Management -D» - - of £.4 ,;co, cco capital Stock, £. 3 p t Co t. R.duced .'Mir ‘ikies, including £. 2,025 , Vr Ma»a emeu - -D° - - of the Annuity of 4,. n./. 'per Cent, on tire fa:d £.9,000,000, granted lor 61 Years, inc! idir.n £.248, i8j. 1 \d. for Management - - . ——

One Hundredth Part of the ».tid Capital 3: ck of £. 13,500000, £ 3 per C?r.t. ConfoFdated Annuities, ifue l Quart: sy to the Comn id-.oners for the Redu&ioa cf til* is.ui nd Debt, amounts Annual y to -DJ - - of £. 4 500,000, £. \ ntr C nt. Reduced A nui i *s - - - D° - - - D° - - - x -

D° - of me luture actual Value of the said Annuity of 4s. lir/. per Cent, for 6; J Years, at the E..d of 45 Years, issued as above ——

By an \<5l 38 Geo. IIL Cap. 90. £.2.000,000 were grant? d ror the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided ior by th< Parka ent of tint Kingdom; t ? ere fore the L.xoences incuircd on that Account, vvaion a*c paid at the Exchequer, muil be oeaucud from the above Ca^-ges; amounting Annually to ——

Surplus of this Fund for the Year ended 3th January iSc2

£ ' *

4*1 -75 ——

>w7 025 ——

22 375 i3 i;

t'^»eco — — 45 oco ——

2, S8o — —

753 553 *8 ij

167,411 19 7

5S5 941 js 6: 7,412 6 if

593-354 4 #

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. IN. Cap. 7. the Sim of £.3.000,00^ v"s

the folio.ving Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. jco contributed.

To A. too C.tpitil S:ock, £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated Anr.uiMes, amounting to And to £. 87. 9/. 6 a. Capital £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities

borrowed for the Service of the Year 1799, uP°a

£. ,. d.

.....3,000000 -

----- - 2 024,250 — — -

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. ill. C p. 60. ;he further Sum of £.13,500,000 was borrowed for the Service

of ti.c Year 1799, uAjn the following Terms; Viz.

The Coatiibutors were erti'h d, for c e . £. uo contributed.

To £ 125 Capita! Stock, £. 3 per Cc. k. ^luio'idated Annuid.es, amounting to ----- --: 19.373.coo — —

Ana £. 50 Capital Stock, £.3 p*r Cent. Reduced Annuities ----- ----- - j 7,750,0co ——

Bv fundrv Acts, explained and amended by an \£\ 39 Geo. III. Sufi*. 2. Cap. if. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities md Changes, in rclp*'d of jT 1 j o.oooo, Fart of tin* above Loan of £. 15,500,0 00, out of or lain Vloni *s t twin speciard; therefore, the D *‘:es on the other Side arc made chargeable only with the Annuities and Cuarges in re/p cl of the remaining £.4,500,000 of the said Loan.

The ANN U A*L CHARGE in respe^l of the Annuities, created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

fin respeef the said £. 3,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 1,350 for Management 'p r i.> - - of the said £. 2,624,250, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1.180. iSj. 3,/. for Management 2 ft One Hundredth Pait of the said Capital Stock of £. 3,000 000, £.3 per Cent. Confo idated Annuities, idued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - DJ - - of the said £. 2,6*4,250, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - --JD'>--- D3-

£, <* ——

79.9-5 8 3

30^00 — — 26 242 10 —

C o W so

C\ .

o

5U

In reject of £. 5,625,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, includirg £*2,531. 5/. for Management ——

D° - - of £. 2,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,012. io;. for Ma-) mgement -

\ One Hundredth Fart of the Lid Capital Stock of £.5.625,000, £.3 per Cent. Corfcli.lated Annuities, issued Quarter')' to the Commissioners lor reducing the Natio: al Debt, amounts Annually to ——

D° - - of the said £. 2,250,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D° - - D°

£. s. d.

171.^1 5 — 68,512 10 —

5/:,2«:o ——

22 500 ——

227,500 18 3

3»8*n3 *5

Bv an Act 39 Gro. III. Cap 114. [ 3,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Tittered and Ch~.r~cs to be p'ovided for by the Failiament ot that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exv.^quer, rumi. be deducted from tlu above Charges, amounting Annually to ——

S46.°44 '3 3 212.362 10 -

353.632 3 3

- = - - a — =

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, See . — continued.

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Public Debt, created in the Year 1798:

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the under-mentioned Act, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Public Debt, created in the Year 1799:

Appendix,

(NT°- 35-)

18° lilartiiy continued

Appendix,

(N'°- 35-) is* jMartii,

continue el.

Appendix.

.7. 1802.

Account of all Additions which have been made to tin;

By VIRTUE of an Act 39 and 40 Gto. III. Cap. 22. the Sum of £. 20,500.000, was borrowed for the Service of the Year iSoo,

upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ too contributed,

To £. 110 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to And, to £. 47 Capital Stock, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to

L-

- -2,550,000 —

- 9.635,000 —

el.

By the above Act, Provinon was nude for Payment of the Annuities and Charges, in respect of £. 13,500,000, Part of the above Loan of £ 20.500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £. 7,000,000 of the said Loan.

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £. 7,700,000 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 7.465 for Management Du - - of £.3,290,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,480. 10/. for Management -One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 7,700,00c, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to -D° - - of the said £. 3,290,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - - D° - - - - D° -

a ,. a

234^65 —

100,180 IO —

77*oco — — 32,900 ——

By an Act 39 and 40 Geo. IIL Cap. 109. £ 2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges; amounting Annually to

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1802

444 545 IO

li O 1 —

317.532 IO

138.5:4 3 4

c

456,056 13 4

By VIRTUE of an Act 41 Geo. IIL Cap. 3. the Sum of £.28,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1S01, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £.125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to And, to £. 50. 15/. - -£.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities -

35,000,000 — -

1 4,2 10,000 -- —

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follow's; Viz.

In respect of £.35,000,000, £. 3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 15.730 for Management -DJ - - of £. 14,210,000, £.3 perCent. - - - D° - - - Reduced, including £.6,394 for Management -One Hundredtn Part of the said Capital Stock of £.35.000,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to D° - - of the said £. 14,210,000, £. 3 per Cent.....D° - - - ~ D°

£. ' /

1,065,730 ——

432,694 10 —

350,000 ——

142,100 — —

By Act 41 Cfo. III. Cap. 3. the Sum of £. 2,500,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Intere 11 and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges; amounting Annually to -

c

,»99°»544 10 —

177.727 3 9 1,812,817 6 3

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT, created in the Years under-mentioned;

YEARS. CHARGE.

£. t. d.

17 93 " - - 252,812 10 — - -

1794 - - 773*324 — 9l - -

1795 - " 1,227,415 3 11 - -

1796 - - - 1*850.573 3 3 - -

1797 - - - 3,241,348 1 1 - -

1798 - -. - 585,941 is 6: - -

1799 - - - 333.682 3 3 - -

1800 - - - 317,532 IO — - -

1801 - - - 1,812,817 6 3 - -

£ 10,395,24617 1 - -

Deficiency on the Whole of the Duties

.V. B. The Charges created by funding £. 8,910,450 in Exchequer Bills, See. pursuant to Act 42 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

5th January 1802; and no Provision having yet beco

Whitehall, Trcnfury Chambers, 1 18th Day of March 1802. J

Annual Charge of the Public Debt — continued.

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Public Debt* created in the Year 1800:

The PRODUCE of the several Duties, granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the increased Annual Charge of

the Public Debt, created in the Year 1801; Viz.

Surplus Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the Sums directed per Act 41 Geo. III. commencing

from 5th April 1801 ——

Paper (Customs) - - - - - - D° -

D° - (Excise).D°.....-

Tea - -- from ift March ——

Horses used for Riding - - - 5th April

D® - - - - for Husbandry - - - - D° -

Stamps - - - - ----- - D° -

Timber - -- - 1 ft May

By the Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ending 5th January 1802

Per Aa *

41 Geo. Ilf £ /. d.

Cap. 7. '33*77 " —

— 8. 294 17

D° 54,121

D° 211,827

— 9. 21,000 — —

D« 31,850

268,695 6 4

28. 208,615 18 6£

929,681 2 —

- - . - 883,136 4 3

£ 1,812,817 6 3

and the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the fame; in the Year ended 5th January 1802.

PRODUCE. SURPLUS. DEFICIENCY.

£ > d. £. d. £ s. d.

- 280,317 4 11 27,704 *4 11 —

- - 1,103,827 7 9' 33l>5°3 7 — i —

- - 1,476,195 9 6' 248.77 S 5 7i —

- - 1,277,220 13 11 - S73''52 7 4

- - 2,897,610 13 . 343*737 5 11

- - 593-354 4 8 7»412 6 i{ —

- 152,612 7 8 - 181,069 15 7

- - 456,05613 4 138,524 3 4 —

- - 929,681 2 — - 883,136 4 3

- - 9,169,071 1 — i 75+9*9 '7 "I 1,981,09513 1

1 754,9*9 >7 — 1

in the Year ended 5th January 1802 - £. 1,226,175 16 — i

arc not included in the above Account; the Payments thereon not having been completed previous to made by Parliament for defraying the fame.

N. Vanjittart.

Vo l. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 35 )

18° Martliy

continued.

Appendix, (No. 36.) 19# Martii.

Appendix, (No. 37.) 23° Martii.

Appendix,

(No. 38.)

230 Martii.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Sum of £. 1,200,000, granted out of the Duties on Goods Imported and Exported, and on Tonnage on Ships and Vessels; for the Service of the Year 1 So 1 - - - - £. 410,000 — —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 19th March 1801. J

N. Vansittart.

EST I M AT E of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th March 1S02 to

the 24th May following, both inclusive; being 61 Days.

NUMBERS. CHARGE for 61 Days. / r

r r £. d. £. s. J.

Embodied Militia of South Britain - - - 40,117 - - 212,000

Ditto - - - of North Britain ----- - Total for Great Britain 6,026 46,143 26,000 238,000 — —

Embodied Militia of Ireland ----- - 32,036 Irish. 147,000

W'hich Sum of £.147,000 Irish, amounts, in British 7 Money, to - - - - -3 - - - - # 135,692 6 2

- Total ... - - 78,179 - - 373,692 6 z

War Office, 1 23d March 1802. J

C. Yorke.

Aw ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratiqjje of the Port of Dublin.

To One Quarter, to 5th of April 1802; Viz. £ ' d.

Sloop Mailer - -- - 12 10 — ,

Mate ----- ----- 7 10 —

8 Seamen, at £.1. 10/. per Month ----- -- 36

10 D° - Victualled at 10^. per Day ----- -- 38-5

Wear and Tear of Sloop -

3 Wherries - - -- 97 10 —

Wear and Tear of D* ----- ---- 37 «° —

*54 — 5

To make good - - Poundage and Pells - - - - - 7 *7 > 261 17 6\

For Three Quarters to jth January 1803, according to the above Settlement - 785 12 7 £

Total - - - 1,047 IO 2

The Pratique Mailers of the Port of Dublin have no Calli in hand, the Expenditure being by Contrail, and equal to the Grant. 1801.]

Dublin, 28th October

Jn° Draper,

Dep* P. M.

ESTIMATE of thp Charge for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland:

For One Year; from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January 1803 ... £.2,500 — —

lri£h Currency.

Will* Taylor.

Chief Secretary's Office, \ Dublin CafUe.

EST I MAT E of the probable Expence of the Crown Solicitors for Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceedings,

in Ireland:

For One Year; from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803 £ 25,000 — —

Iri 111 Currency.

Chief Secretary's Office, Dublin Castle.

fVili" Taylor.

42. Geo. III.

Appendix.

8 ir

ISTI MATE of the Expence of Printing Proclamations and Advertisements in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year, ending 51b January 1803.....£.7,026. 9. 10 J.

George Grierson.

Appendix,

(No. 38.)

2 30 Martii

continued.

A* ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Of fief s and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c.; and for Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Prpdtv Pursuivants and Extra Messengers#attending the said Offices; for One Year, from the 5th of January 1802 to the

th of January 18^3.

His Majesty'i Printer His Majedv's Stationer

D.ffiurfoments by G.T.cckeeper, Civil Department ——

D° - - B* - - - Military Department ——

D°- - Stxretaiy's Office in London -

To pay Fees in England on His M.ijcdy's Letters for the Iffiue of Money from the T re.ai ary in Ireland, for Public Services - -

To n.;y Fees on the L« rd Lieutenant's Warrants on His Majesty's Letters for issuing

M >n:y from the Treasury of IreL:.d, lor Civil Expences -

Council Office, for Expcr.cc of Postage cf Letters, and for Newspapers -

Dcpuy Pursuivants, and Extra Messengers ——

Chief Secretary's Office, Dublin Cattle.

jr. i.

5.500 ——

4>7oo ——

2.500 — —

75° ——

1,860 ——

200 — —

40 ----- --.

130 9 6

4,000 — —

19680 9 6

Jriih Currency.

Will1* Taylor.

E ST I M AT E of the Probable Charge for Incidental Expences of the Treasury of Ireland, for One Year; to the

5th January 1803.

For Salaries, Coals, Candles, and other Incidental Expences, of the Treasury Board - £. 2,000 — —

:S:h

T reafury, November 1801.

James Croft on.

E S F I M AT E of the Probable Expence for completing the East Return of Offices attached to the Law Courts, Dublin*

for the Year 1802.

To cover in the Roof; lay Gutters; turn Groined Arches; put in Salh Frames and Sa(hes; lay Floors; Trimirir.gs to Doers and Windows; fit up with Counters, Prefles, and Shelves, lor the several Offices; Stone Staircases; plainer Ceilings and Walls; paint Woodwork, and build connecting Screen Wall; will amount to the Sum of

27-h November 13c s. J. Gan Jon.

(Approved.)

Clare, C.

£ x* 6,000 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence to be incurred in the Year 1802, for Cloathing the Battle-Axe Guards.

The Battle-Axe Guards are to be cloathed for Eighteen Months, from the id of December 1802 to the id cf |unc 1804, for which the usual Allowance is Seven Hundred and Forty Pounds Irish, being Six Hundred and Eighty-thrcc Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence britifii Sterling; as certified by

London,

2o.h Match 1S02.

William Richardson,

Col. battle-Axe Guards.

James Croftun.

An

A

C COUNT of the Bounties paid cn Corn, Meal, Flour and Rice imported into England, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41 d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the lated Period to which the same can be made up;

From the 5th Day of January 1S02, inclusive, to the 20th Day of March following - - - - £.241.505 4 4

Appendix.

(No. 39.)

24° Martii.

March 24th 1802.

7-

y. Da/,'ey,

Supervisor of the Recr Genls Paymtf.

Beadnel!,

for the Receiver General.

9x

FOURTH YEAR.

ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, of all Sums which have been Paid to the B.nk of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been Redeemed or Purchased by them; together with the Int. rclt accruing thereon, and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame; and of the several Prices paid for the iame; together wuh a General State of the Fund; specifying whether any, and what Money, hill remains unpaid to the Bank of their Account, or lies there unapplied by them; — And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; — Alio, an Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks and other Officers appointed by them. v

For Intercll, and Calli to the Bank. - - - Dr.'! By Stock bought, or Debentures purchased and converted into Stock. ----- -- Cr.

1 In England:

iSco. 1 iu Quarter. 1 Cash to their ! Irish 5-Per-Ont. Capital Stock, In Ireland: Sunn paid Interest paid: Total Total

Credit bought in Englmd: 5-Per-Cenr. Price. in 1 CAPITAL CASH

Date. to the Bank, j r — Y fr'fh Capital Stock. Irish Currency. Day;. . 1

1 Currency. at Par. # Amount. Bought. Paid.

£ > d.; £ £ i- d. £ *- d. £. t. A. £ ' * £ d.

J^n. 2 To Cash to Bank - 30^.18 J4 7 - —

6 By S'ock bought - I jOOG — — S5 10 — 855 103 14 2 2 I OOOO — — 869 2 x

7 Ry - D° 1,000 — — - D° - ^55 104 14 4 10 1,000 — — 86<j 4 io

0. Dy - I)® 1,000 — — 85 5 — 852 10 — ICO 14 10 4 1,0^0 — — 8^7 — 4

*3 Ky - D9 l, COO — — 84 17 6 848 15 — 1 IO 15 1 3 I, LOO — 803 16 j

14 by - D° l, COO 85 850 1 1 1 15 4 1 l, CCO 865 4 1

11>. By - 0° 1,00^ Sc 10 — 855 — 113 M 9 7 1,00^ — — 9 7

ao. Ry - DJ l, COO — - Do - 855 117 16 — 6 I.OcO — — 87* — 6

21 Py - D® Ry - D« - _ I, OCO — 42 4 6 86 10 — 85 10 — 865 36 111 1118 16 16 IX 1,042 4 6 917 iS 10

*3 By - D« - - - 1,200 88 1,036 — — 120 19 14 5 1,200 1,075 14 $

27 By Do 1,20- 87 10 — 1.050 124 2o 7 7 1,200 1,c7o 7 7

.*s By - Do - - - 1,100 — 87 5 - 1,0.7 125 20 JO 11 j,*o;> — — 1,067 10 c

3C By - D° 1 1,2 00 86 10 — 1,038 — — I27 20 17 6 1,200 — — h 58 i7 6

Feb. 3. By - D° - - - - 1,200 — 85 15 — 1,029 13 1 21 IO 8 1,200 1,050 10 8

4 By - D° 1,200 - DJ - i,c-9 132 21 13 11 1,200 — — 1,050 13 11

0. By - DJ - - - 1,200 - C° - tyzzg 134 22 6 I;2CO — 1,051 — 6

10. By - D* I.2CO — 85 10 — r,c2) 138 22 13 8 1,2-0 — 1,048 13 g

11 By - D° 1,200 — 85 10 — 1,016 139 22 ! ' If 1,2C O — — 1,048 16 11

*3 By - D° 1,600 85 15 — i>3 7* J4r 30 13 — 1,020: I,4C2 18 —

17 By - Do -, - Do: 1,715 M5 39 4 5 2,-CO — 1.754 14 5

18. By - Do 2,000 - Do . 1*715 146 /-<J — 2,0-0 1,755

20. By - Do 2, COO — — - D° - 1,7,5 148 40 io IO 2,000 — 1,755 10 1*

24 By - D® ..... 2, COO -i- 85 10 — 1,7,o 152 41 12 JO 2,0.0 — — 1,751 12 10

*5* By - D° - - - 800 — - S8 7C4 M3 IO 15 4 800 — — 720 15 4

*7- By - D° 1,200 — — 87 5 — 1,047 155 25 9 6 1,200 1,072 9 6

March 3. Ry - D® 1 ,oco S6 860 *59 21 j 5 5 1,000 — 881 15 5

A By - D° l, CCO — — - Do . S60 — — 160 21 l8 4 1,020 — 881 18 4

to. By - D> 1,000 — — 85 10 — 855 161 2238 i,cco — — 877 3 8

10. By - D° ..... t 1,187 19 II 80 — — i,ozi 13 7 1C6 27 1,187 19 11 1,048 13 7

Total 11th Quarter - - £. 30,418 14 7 j - - - - 34,630 4 5 - - - 29,777 — 6 - - 641 14 I 34.630 4 5 3.^18 14 7

p i ith Quarter. '

April j. Half a Yen'* Dividend, at 5 per

CV;it. on/". 305,4 57- 10. ?. and Stock bo.J6ht - 7>736 8 9 - _ 1,300 — — 87 M31 7 1 4 I I 1.300 — — i>*3* 4 i>

r Cash to Bank, and Stock bought - 30,418 14 7 - - - - 1, S°° 87 10 — x,i37 10 — 9 1 12 — i»3°° 1,139 2 —

I ll.i' f m Year* Dividend, at 5 per

j U* it. on /*. 60,03;. IT 8. *s ! Into C.65,036. 9. ic. a.jJ Stock i>6*$ 18 3

1 bouglit ----- 1 "* ~ - - 1,200 88 1,056 »3 2 2 8 1,200 — — 1,058 2 8

8. 6 6 8 - D° - 5 11 4 1,140 15 — j- 1,326 6 8 1,148 16 5

1 By - V. 1 1,300 8715 — 2/0 1

10 By - I)° 1,200 — — 87 12 6 1,031 10 — 16 2 12 6 1,2-0 — — 1,054 2 6

14. By - D® - - - - - - 1,300 8715 — 1,140 15 — 20 3 11 3 1,500 — — M44 6 j

1 By - P ' - 2,300 — — 91 1C — 2,104 10 — 23 7 4 10 2,300 — — 2, Hi 14 10

2 1. Rv - D" - - > - 1,500 91 1.365 27 5 10 11 1,500 — — 1,^70 10 11

21. By - Do 1,200 — — - D* - 1,092 — — 28 4 12 — 1,200 — 1,096 12 —

21- Bv - D« 1,200 90 10 — . j,f a6 30 4188 1,200 — 1,090 18 8

28. By - r>j - - - 1,2CO — . 89 17 6 1,078 10 — 34 511 8 1,200 1,1-84 1 &

19 By - D‘ 1,200 — — - D° - 1,078 10 — 35 5 »5 ~ 1,200 1,084 5 —

May 1. . Ry - Do 6co — — 89 s — 535 10 — 37 3 — 10 60O 538 10 10

5 ,' Ry - P - - - - 1,800 — — . S8 10 — ».$P3 41 JO 2 2 1,800 — 1,603 2 2

6 By - Do 1.200 — — 88 7 6 i, cOo 10 — 42 6 18 — 1.200 — 1,067 8 —

8 . By - D' 1 200 — - — - D° - i,c6o 10 — 44 7 4 7 1,2-0 1 — 1,067 14 7

12 . By - D1 - - - 1,200 — S9 2 6 1,0(79 io — 7 i? 9 1,2:0 *,077 7 9

17 Bv - l)o - - - v - - - I, ICO s) l$ ~ 1,-77 *19 8 1 — 1,200 1,085 1 —

1 3 R' - l)u v 9 12 6 1,-75 10 — 5i 8 7 8 1,2 0 i,cS3 17 8

I*, . By - !)* - - - - i»3f*> ^9 7 6 1,16117 6 55 9 1$ 10 i,3co 1,171 *3 4

2 > By - D* - - - 1,200 1: 0 !,^68 56 9 4 1,2 CO — — i,077 4 1

1,200 1 88 10 — 1,062 — — 9 io 7 1,10 — 1,071 10 7

20 Ry - D9 200 :9 5 ~ 89 10 — 892 10 — jS6i 10 3 S J,2CO 1,081 13 g

27 U y - 1'" - -By - P i: : - - 1310 6 - D° - S9 , C74 12 9 10 9 4 1,213 10 6 1,096 10 1

IW - - - - 1,200 — — 1 JP*i4 65 10 13*8 1,200 1,054 13 8

] jr.r 2 Ry - D® 1 1,400 — — 1 86 1,2^4 — - 6; n 4 S 1 1,400 1,217 4 *

By - IV - - - 1,2:0 ! - Do . 1,032 j 1 10 1 i 1,200 1,0., 3 ro 1

c , B.- - >'.y ii 40: io 76 4 3 3 1 400 3 5h 3 3

1- 3'*r - iu — 1 3/ 09 — — *7 3 < »7 i 1 3»4°° 3 >04+ 17 3

j: 'V - h J - - - 12 0 — 87 17 6 i ,c ^4 " '0 1219 8 *. 1,2v:o — — !, CS7 Q s

in. It/ - *»° - || - 1,10- — 1 S7 1c — , 0 5 3 *3 13 It 1,2- O — — 1,066 12 11

t ( >'.y - - 1,2 10 — - D* - 1, V.; 1316 2 1.2 CO — — j,l66 16 a

f By D® - i>2 0 _ 1 8- 12 6 l/' 1 10 — 86 14 2 s 1 1,2.20 1,065 IX 8

2 ' - - 1,^.6 3 9 '86 13 — 1,271 18 4 90 1S 1 6 1 3 9 1,2*9 19 10

j T-t-1 1 2f* Q^irrer - - jT 9 7 ‘1 1 7 j ' i -zr 44 5^0 — u I 39,^13 7 11 j;_ 2 > 0 31c 44.5-6 — 11 35,809 XX 9

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

8r3

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

For Interest, and Cash to the Bank,

- - D'.

1800.

Pate.

13 th Quarter.

c d.

J»'T4- To Cash to Bank - - 30^1814 7 ( - -

9 By Stock bought

10. By n®

»4 Ry . D® _ . _ - - _ _

*5 By D° _ . i - „ _

17. By - n® _ . _ _ _ 1 , - _

21 By . 1)0

22. »y - D®

*4- By - n° _ _ . _

28 By

29. By - no

V By - n® - - , - - _:

By D' - - 1 1 -

Aajdft 1. By . r® _ t _ 4

4* By - D® - . I - _

5 By - U*

7- By - n _ _ _

11. Kr - n« _ -

12. By

14 By n®

18 By - n® . / m . 1 .

19- By - D®

SI. By - D® . _ . „ _ _

25 By . n® - _ - . _

2b. By - D® -

27 To Cad» t> Punk - . 6,250 — - - - _

28 By Stock b luzhe

29. By - D®

left. 2. By . D®

4- By - D®

S By

9 By

Total 13th Quarter - - 36,668 14 7 -

oa+ei 1

2

A

6.

7

9

»V

16

SC.

*3-

28.

3°-

No*' 3 4-

6

ic.

XI.

13

I?.

18.

14'* Quarter.

Half a Year* DiGJen3, ar 5 per Cent. 01 /*. 395,001. 4. 9. and Stc^k u >u6ht -

By Sr-' k b -o^bc -

T C iih mi B*' k -Bv Stcxk boug t

*9

By

By

By

Bv

By

By

By

By

By

Bv

By

By

By

Bv

By

By

P.v

By

By

By

- l>®

- D®

no . n®

- i;o

- 1)0

- D®

- n®

- 1)0

- n®

- n

- n»

no 1)0 Do 1)0 1 > 1)0 1)0 DO

H.»!f a Year*1 DividrnH, at 5 per Ce — (C <) y 33. 13. 8. Eng. \ % £ 65,036. 9 ,0. 1, ft.

2^. By Stoc k h' u«;ht

24. By - n®

ac- By - n® .

27. By - D° -

Dec' x.4 By . n®

2. Hv - 1 ° _

4~ H, - r® .

8 By - r®

n. 1 n v - n®

11. 1»V - 1.®

IC By - n®

16 Lv n® _

18. Bv - 1 _

22. By - D® -

Cash to thvir* CrcJit to the Bj:.!;.

By Stock bought, or Debentures purchased and converted into Stock.

- - - - CX

In England:

Irish 5-Per-Cent.

Capital St-j.k, bought in England:

Biitith

Currency

">*75 >i

36,668 14 7 ,

1,625 18 3

- l! -

Irish a: Par.

In Ireland:

5-Per-Cchr. Capital Stack.

1.400

1*4-0

1,390

1.400

1,456

1.400 *,4-8 1400

l,iOO

I,*Co 1,4:0 4^ o :c -i,8co i,6co

1.600 i,6co

1.600 1,6-0 i,6ow

i,6co 1,60c i/»oo

1.600 -

i,6co

i,6cp

I, 100

J, ICO ' i,:c4 1,130

1. J.

18 —

5 3

iS —

Price.

<- * a.

87 15 ---

87 10 —

- D® .

87 5 —

86 15 —

- L)° -

87 -

87 5 —

88 10 —

89 2 6

- .

89 ——

89

88

.8

2 6 5 —

87 11 87 17

>5 — 6 6

-7 >* 6 87 15 —

- Do -87 iz 6 87 10 —

- D° -

40,958 13 3

Sum paid in

Irish Currency.

TOTAL 14th Q^.trtcr

J 3-h - D®

Uth - D° ' . 1 nh - D®

TOTAL 4*h YEAn - f.

4^,169 13 u[

36/CS 14 7

o,-Z 1 1 7

3 .4 I N T1 ~

c ,: o

i,4Co — —

1,400 — —

1,6.0 — — 1,6 o — — 1,6:0 — — -1,400 — — l,6co — — 4c o — — -

I,2CO -

1,4CO ---- —

j,8r o — —

1,669 9 2

1,40- — — 1,6c o — — *

i, 6co — —

1, coo ——

1,6-0 — —

j, 6co — —

1.600 — — 1.6c o — —

1.600 — — . 1,^00 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — - — .

i,6co ——

1.600 — — I, taco — —

1.400 ——

1.600 — —

1.600 — . —

i.^ o ——

i,t>cc —

1.400 ——

1.6-0 ——

1 603 ——

1,458 12 9

55,928 2 11

40,95* 13 3 44.5s6 — »i

74,630 4 <;

87 15 — 87 10 —

8 8 ~5 —

87 15 — 87 ——

- Do.

86 j 5 —

86 10 — 86 12 6

86 5 — »

- no.

8S IJ —

s; s —

85 ——

84 IO —

84 7 6 4 17 6

2* 5 —

8415 — 84 12 6

84 17 6

85 2 6

- D® -

Ss 7 6

86 10 — 86 5 —

86 7 6

Sq 17 6

*i 5-

84 IQ _

H 2 6

8* ——

84 12 6

84 2 6

83 12 6

S3 10 —

83 >2 6

176,1C3 1 6

£ ' d.

1,228 10 —

1,225 ——

1,216 s — 1,221 10 — 1,163 ‘7 2

i,2r4 10 — I}2 12 11 IO 1,12 1 IO —

M'9 ——

1,069 IO ---

J>247 ‘5 — 43 *o —

:S 5 -

i,5S8 10 — 1,4^8 — —

1,^04 ——

M-2 ——

i^cb ——

1,402 ——

1,404 ——

1,4'4 ——

1,4 2 ——

1.400 ——

1.400 ——

Interest paid:

Days.

87 — 1,392 — —

86 *5 — 1,3^ — —

*7 10 — 962 10

88 5 — 970 *5 —

88 — — 97i 11 5

87 5 — 986 7 11

3 )»9°3 4

tc6

107

111

112 114

118

119 121 125

1:6

128

129

132 M3 *35 1 39

140

142

146

*47

149

153 *54

156

157 161 163

167

168

Amount.

£. s. d.

20 6 6

20 10 5

21 2 7

21 9 7

22 15 —

22 12 5

23 5 6

*3 4 1 23 19 5

20 14 2

25 8

3 10 S 32 10 11 3 — 9

29

29 11

30 9

30 13

31

32 —

32 4

3* 13

33 10

33 15

4

8

2 5

34 3 i° 34 8 2

24 5 2

24 11 2

25 5 1 26 — 2

765 6 3

Total

capital

Bought.

6 d-

400 ——

,400 ——

i,39° ——

M°° ——

1,456 18 —

14C0 ——

M*8 5 3

1.400 ——

1.400 ——

1,200 -- —

I.448 l8 —

2CO ——

i,3c.o — — 1.6.0 — ' —

1 6co — — -

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 ——

I 600 —

1.600 — ~

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

i,6co — — 1,600 — —

1.100 — —

1.100 ——

1,104 1 2

1,130 10 10

40,958 13 3

Total

cash

Paid.

15 8

1*621 — 11 i,43? 3 — '

I»433 11 9

M3* 9 4

*>436 13 8

l>433 & 5

i»43b — — M36 4 4 *»434 13 f *>434 10 8 M3 3 15 1

M26 3 10

M22 8 2

986 15 2

995 6 2

996 16 6

i>oi* 8 1

3M68

1,118 10 — 6 1 3 1,400

1,125 7 1 6 0 1,400 — —

— —

1,412 11 i® 00 t® i, 600 — - —

1,404 12 2 12 7 1,600 — — *

1.392 14 3 4 1 600 — —

1,218 18 3 9~ 1,400 — — .

1,388 — — >9 4 3 3 1,60c

346 — — )

i»c 39 10 — r-1 4 I. — i,6co — —

1,207 *° — *5 4 15 1 1.400

1,552 10 — 26 683 J.800

i,43* I. 2 28 6 8 1 *>£''? 9 2,

1,193 ,0 — 32 629 1,400

1,360 33 7 4 8 1,600 — —

1,352 35 7 *3 4 1,600 — —

1,265 12 6 39 8 - 3 1,500

1,358 40 8 15 4 1,600

1,564 41 9' 4 1,600 — . —

1,356 — — 46 10 1 7 1,600 — —

1,354 47 10 6 — 1,600 — —

1,358 49 10 14 9 i,6co

1,276 17 6 53 10 17 9 1,500

1,361 — — 54 ll 16 8 x,6co — —

— __

1,366 56 12 5 6 i,6co — —

1,384 60 13 3 " 1,600 — —

1,3^0 — — 61 *3 7 5 1,600

1,382 63 13 16 2 1,600

1,201 5 — 67 12 l6 II 1^00

1,364 68 14 l8 1 1,6:0 — —

|,3<2 70 15 6 10 i,6co — —

M77 15 — 74 14 3 10 1,400 — —

1 344 75 16 8 9 1,600 — —

1,354 77 16 17 6 1,600 — —

M77 15 — Si 15 10 8 j,4- 0

i,318 81 17 19 4 ljfv"0

1,336 84 18 8 2 i,6co — . —

1,219 16 5 S8 >7 11 :{ 1,458 13 9

47>8i2 2 7

3 5:9C 3 8 4 3915*3 7 11 29?7:7 — 6

*53^15 *9 4

353 *9 765 6 296 3

641 14

55,928 2 11

4c,953 *3 3 44,586 — 11

34 6 50 4 5

2., 57 3 'fi 176,103 1 6

1,2*9 *3' —

1,126 6 10

I*414 S 2

I;4o6 12 7

1 - 39 S 1 4

I)*21 9

*»39* 3 3

1,390 —

1,212 5 11

MS* 18 3

»,437 *9 3

1,199 12 9

!>367 4 8

>>359 *3 4

I>273 12 9

1,366 *5 4

,»373 4 1

1,366 1 7

1,364 6

1,368 14 9

1,287 *5 3

1>373 16 8

i>378 5

1»397 3 —

1»39 3 7 5

i>395 16 a

i»*i5 1

i,37S 18

i,367 6

IX

i>

10

1,191 18 10

1,360 8 9

1,370 17 1 >93 5

L355 *9 J»354 8 1,257

48,176 1 u{ 36,668 14 7 39,809 11 9

30,418 14 7

2«4th December iSco. VOL. 57.

oiZ'V Tf' Vr A; ,n' 0ni-5‘S'966- ,7‘ 6- CaplUI« 5 r« Cent. - - . £.is>79*. «: ,0.

Of nh.wh f-: a Year, due iqn March next - /«,.

- ^.12,899. 3. 5.

J'-'f Vickers, Secretary.

Appendix, (No. 40.) 24® M

continued

C r. <L '

1»24S 6

1»245 id 5 |»237 7 7 ,»242 19 7

1,286 12 2

I>237 2 5

x,z65 17 4 J>244 14 1 1,262 19 5

1,090 4 z

L3*6 13 1

6 8

4

2

*55,075 I ic{

Appendix."

A \ 1802.

Appendix, (Xo. 40.) 24° A Lirtii,

continued.

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

D'. - -

I$oo. — L O A N S prior to 1797 x

To 6 Month* Interest on £.205,586. 19. 8. Stock) £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 251b March i8co

To 6 Munihi loicrrft, at £. 5 per Cent, on £ 60,03}. 1 8*

»glish, it £ 65,036. 9. o. Infix, due 25th March 18co ——

To 6 Month* Interest on £. 252,279. 4. 5. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September lfoo - -

T06M nth* Interest, at £. 5 perCent on £. 60,033. 13. S. JEn*»i lb, is £.65,036. 9. io. lt;ui, due 25th September

moo - ....

To O e Year'* IITue of the Sum appropriated to purchase Stock in ticiar.d, by 37 Geo. 111. du- 29th September i8co ——

To One Year'* Issue of Expired Annuities, due 29th September 1800 ——

Dee. 24. — To Balance due Quintin, Dick, and Co. being Profit on Exchange ——

Out of which is to be deduced:

Charges incurred by receiving and remitting Interest of Stock In England ——

lScc.^LOAN of 1797, for £. 500,000:

To 6 Month* Interest on £. 18,16 r. o. 5. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March 1800

To 6 Month* Interest on £.21,465. 14. 10. Stock, £.5 per Cent, per Aunum, due 25th September 1800 -

To Calli paid the Bank, being One Year*' Appropriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 29th September 1800 -

tSoo, — LO AN of 1797, for £. 635,00c s

To 6 Months Interest on £.23,064. 10. Stock, £.5 per Cent, prr Annum, due 15th March 1800 - -

To 6 Month* Interest on £.27*261. 9. 10. Stock, £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1800 - -

To Calli pa:d the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 29th September i8co - -

iSoo. — L O A N of 1798, for £. 328,00c:

To 6 Month* Interest on £. 7,314. 8. 6. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March 1800 - -

To 6 Months Interest on £ 9,353. 10. 10. Stock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25^ September 1S00 - -

To Calli paid fixe Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of £. i per Cent, due 29th September iSco

i8co — LOAN* of 1798, for £.1,715,9501

To 6 Months Interest on £. 58.265. 16. 3. S:ock, £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25 h March 2800

To 6 Months Interest on £-48,933. if. 7. Stock, £ 5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25;!) September 1800 -

To Calli paid the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 29th September iSco - -

1800 — L O AN of 799» for £ 2,000,000:

% o 6 Months Interest on £. 17,064. 15. 9 Stock, £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th March iSco - -

To 6 Months Interest on £.28,727. 9. 4. Stork, £.5 per Cent, per Annum, due 25th September 1800 -

To Ca>h paid the Bank, beinr One Year's Ap rorriation of £. 1 per Cent, due 2^th September iSco -

i?oc. — LOAN of 1S00, for £. z ,50c, 000:

ft on £ 6,q8t. 3. 11 Sr<»ck, £ 5

air., ju*' *5:.! Se -.mber 1800

To 6 Months In*

pr* vent j r An

To Calli paid ti c I'irk, b ing T*n Qii i-'fr Appropriation cl £. 2 pci Cent. du- 29m September iSco -

CASH

Received.

£. 1. d

5»,39 >3 6

1.625 ,8 3

6,306 19 7

1.625 18 3

67,635 8 4

2,250 ——

78 19 1

84,662 17 —

44 — 21

454 — 6

536 12 ic\ 5,000 ——

576 12 3

681 10 9

6,350 ——

182 17 2 233 16 9

3,280 ——

956 12 11 1,223 6 10

17,159 10 —

426 ii 5

718 3 9

20,coo — ---

174 10 7

TOTAL

Received.

84,618 16 1

5.99° »3 4{

7,5o8 3 —

3.696 13 11

*9.339 9 9

21,144 1 6 2

12,674 10 7

£ '55-c73

1800. — LO A N S prior to 1797 .

By Stock purdufed between 25th December 1 25th December. 1S00 -

1799 and

1S00 — LOAN of 1797, for £. 500,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1759 and 25th December 1800 ——

STOCK.

Bought.

£ d.

96,082 — X

6,801 iS 4

1S00. — LOAN of 1797, for £.635,000s

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1799 an<* 25th December 1800 - - - .

1800. — LOAN of 1798, for £. 328,000 s

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1799 and 25th December i3co ——

1800. — LOAN of 1798, far £. >,715,950:

By Stock purch fed brtween 25th December 1799 and 25th Dccemjcr 1800 ——

i8co. — LOAN of 1799, for £. 2,coo, cco:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1799 and 25th December 1800 ——

i8cc. — LOAN of 1S00, for £.2,500,000:

By Srock purchased between 24th June 1S00 and 25th December l3c<j ——

8,638 8 8

4,196

11,951 tS 6

*3-993 4 9

14-439 10 —

£ I 176.103

CASH

Paid.

-4,6] 8 16 x

5.990 *3 4!

7,608 3 —

3,696 13 XI

'9>359 9

21,144 16 a

12,674 10 7

1 S5>°73 io£

J

24'h December 18:0.

Jsr. Vickers, Secretary.

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt —

Appendix,

(No. 4°-)

Dr - - - - A GENERAL STATE of the FUND for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT.

To ISSUE, by Act of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners:

I Year, to and for 29th September i8co -

To ISSUE, on Loan of £. 500,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 6th Jur.e 1797:

1 Year, to and for 29th September iSco - -

To ISSUE, on Capital Stock of £.635,000. created by Loan under the

Lft iccitrd Act:

1 Year, to and for 29th September 1S00 ——

To ISSUE, on Expired Annuities:

1 Year, to *nd for 29th September 1800 ——

To ISSUE, on Loan «f £. 318,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act

f ilkd 4m June 179S: f Yerr, to anJ fur 191b September 1800 ——

To IS'iUE, r.n Cipiral St ;ck of /J. 1,71 5,950. created by Loan under

me UK recited Act:

X Year, to and for zy'U Scj "ember lSoo ——

To ISSUE, on Capi'al St^ck of £.2,000,000. created by Lean, by Act passed 7th M iy 1709 1 Year, to and for 2 ;tb September 1800 ——

To ISSUE, on Capital S'^ck of £.1,500,020. created by Loan, by Act passed 1 Augu'.l ifcco:

1 Quarters, to and for 29th September 1800 -

To INTEREST on Sr^ck purchased.

In IRELAND:

for 6 Mirths, to 27th March 1 180c, on £.309,457. 10. 7. i

For 6 - D3 - 25th Sept1 > 1800, oa £.395.-0^ 4. 9.1

In ENGLAND:

Tor 6 Months, to irh March? iScc, on £.65/336. 9. 10. J

For 6 - D° . 15th Septr ? 1800, 00 £.65,036. 9. 10. J

c j.

7,736 9 9.S75 1

1.625 18 3

1.625 18 3

To Balance due, Qniotin, Dick, and Co. being Profit on Exchange -

£ d.

67,635 8 4

5*000 ——

6,35° — —

1^50 — —

3,18o ——

17,159 10 —

2C.OCO — ---

12,500 ——

c, 24°

By PAYMENT for Debentures bought, and Stock purchased, from 15th December 1799 to 24^ December ,8^ to Amount of £ *76,103. 1. 6.

By BALANCE for Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £. 1,500. 16. 10. Engtifli, for 6 Months Interest on £.60,033. 13. 8. English, to *5^ March and 25th September 1800....

f. d.

155,073 2 io{

44 — u

20,863 6 4} 78 19 1

155*117 3 9i

155all7 3 9i

Ah ACCOUNT of the Whole EXPENCES attending the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners for Reducing the NATIONAL DEBTj and of the Clerk* and other Officer* appointed by them; and of the Annual Allowance for their Service.

Jer. Vickers, Secretary, per Annum -Rob1 Dctry, Broker, - - - D° -

Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Twu Dividend* of £. 1,500. 16. 10. English, for 6 Months Intevrft on £ 60,033. 13. 8. Eng':ih; to £. 1. d. 13th Marcii and 25th September 18^0 - - - - 44 o 11

Postage here - 4 —

Stationary, and Incidental Charges, from 25th December 1799 to 24th December 1800 -

£ * i

200 ——

IOO ——

44 4 11

6 6 ii

350 11 — {

An ACCOUNT of EXPIRED TERMS and ANNUITIES.

1785. — Short Annuities Expired 25th of December 1797* Yearly -

£- 1. d.

- 2,250 ——

24th December 1S00.

Jer. Vickers, Secretary.

Vol. 57.

9 Y

Appendix, (No. 41.)

24* Martii.

As ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Chartbr Schools of Ireland (under the Direction of

the Incorporated Society) for One Year, to end the 5th of January 1803.

Diet of 1,970 Children, at 5 d. per Day Cloathing 1,600 Children, on an Average of 42/. 6d. each per Annum -D° - 370 Children in Three Nurseries, at 24/ D° Repairs of 41 Houses and Office?, most of them very old ——

Firing for 41 D°, a. £. 24 per Annum each Soap and Candles for 41 D°, a. £. 15 per Annum each ——

Books and Stationary -

Furniture, Bedding, and Incidents -Officers Salaries ——

Cat;chi(ls Salaries and Gratuities, a. £. 20 per Ann. each ——

£. s. d. 13,611 9 2

3,400 ——

444 ——

2,440 ——

984 ——

615 ——

250 — — 850 — — 381 10 —

820 ——

Mailers and Miilr.fTes Salaries -

Diet of D° ....

Premiums to D°

Silanes to 41 Ulhers, at £. 15 per Annum Diet of D°, at 5 J. per Day -Premiums to D°

Annuities to Four superannuated Mailers and Mi lire He s, and one blind Child -Bounties to Apprentices for faithful Services Apprentice Foes ——

Medicines, and Medical Attendance -Carriage of Children -

Carriage of Goods ——

Wages and Diet of 73 Servants -

Rent. Tax, and Repairs of the Society's House -

Law Expences ---

584 ——

623 10 10

328 ——

615 ——

311 15 10

205 ——

65 —

100 ——

150 ——

200 — —

70 ——

30 ——

847 2 1

75 13 —

50 ——

28,051 — 11

Rent of the Society's Estates, One Year

D# - of the School Lands, payable by the Mailers -

Labour of the Children -

Subscriptions ——

Intercll on Baron Vryhouven's Bequell -

Dividend on £. 40,000, £. 4 per Cents.

Interest on Four Dunleer and Six Kinnegad Debentures of £. 50 each - -

D° - on Sixty-one Government Debentures, £. 5 per Cents. - ....

D° - on the late Annes Keon's Legacy -

£ u 2,637 11 8

575 12 8 1,000 — — 400 — — 1,794 16 8 1,698 13 4

26 10 —

3°5 ——

50 ——

Wanted to complete this Estimate -

19,562 16 7

28,051 — 11

7th November 1801.

Chas Cashel\

Vice President.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry in Dublin; from the 5th of January 1802 to

the 5th of January 1803.

PERMANENT EXPENCES:

C

s. d.

£ /. d.

£ ' '

d.

For the Maintenance of 1,129 Adults, at the Rate of £. 4. 10s. per Head per Annum For the Maintenance and Cloathing of 300 Children in the Asylums and Nurseries, at the Rate of £.j. 5/. per Head per Annum -

For Officers Salaries employed in the above Two Departments -For the Support of 271 Persons in the Infirmaries under Medical Aid, including Wine and Medicine, at the Rate of £. 9 per Head per Annum -

For Officers Salaries in the above Department ——

For Coal for supplying 112 Fire-Places in the House and Infirmaries; also Boilers, Bakehouse, Brewhouse, and Laundry ——

For Candles, Oil, and Soap ——

For Bed-Ticks, Blankets, Coverlids, and Straw, at the Rate of ioj. per Head per Ann. For Rent and Taxes ——

For Advertising and Stationary, including School Books, Paper and Pens, &c. &c.

for the Education of the Children ——

For Wages and Cloathing for 13 Beadles, and other Expences attending the taking up Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants ——

For purchasing Machinery, Implements of Labour, Kitchen, and other House U ten fils For keeping in Repair the Premises ——

For Salaries to tKe Governors ——

For - D° to One of the Seven A£ling Governors who reiigned -For - - D° to Three Physicians and Three Surgeons, by Command of his Excellency the Loid Lieutenant ——

5,080 10 —

2,175 ——

386 12 j

*>439 -

80 ——

600 — — 250 — — 850 — — 280 — —

150 ——

300 — — 480 — —

300 ——

1,000 — — 100 — —

697 10 —

13,371 2 1

1

1,797 10 —

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

j

For purchasing Ground contiguous to the House, and which is essential to the Health, Employment, and Subsistence of the Poor -

Towards building a Fever Hospital, Work Shops, and enlarging the Asylums for Industrious Children -

For the Payment of Debts incurred by fitting up a Fever Hospital detached from the House of Industry, by Command of his Excellency Marquis Cornwallis For Payment of Debts already incurred by maintaining, and supplying with Medicine, Wine, See. co Patients in said Hospital, from the ill of April to the ill November 1801; and for maintaining. Sec. the said Number from thence to 5th January 1802, at the Rate of £.g per Head per Annum -For Nurses and-Servants Wages for the above Period - -

1,000 — —

2,000 — —

496 — —

3,000 — —

343 >s —

So ——

889 15 —

Borne forward

19.058

19.058

7 1

Estimate of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry in Dublin, See. — continued.

t £ ' '! £ ' d- £ s. i. 19.058 7 i

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to the Disbursements of the Infthution:

One Year's Interest of £.1,612. 10. 0. being a Legacy of the late Lord Vryhouven, veiled, agreeably to his Directions, in £.4 per Cent. COnfols. -One Year's Profits Oil the Labour of the Children in the Asylums - 7° 19 — 500 — — 570 19 —

Net Suita to be provided for . - - - c 18487 8 1

Appendix* (No. 41.) 24* Martiiy

continued.

The Profits of the Labour of the Adult Poor are not taken into the above Calculation, as they receive Two-thirds thereof in lieu of Cloathing, and to induce Industry. The remaining Third is applied to defray the Expence of Machinery, Superintendance, &c.

It is expedled that the Number of Poor in the House this Year will be greater than the Two preceding Years, on account of the Soup Shops being closed, and the Laws against Vagrants and Beggars being strictly enforced*

By Order of the Board,

Tho1 Byrne, SecL

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for One Year; from the Jth January 1802 to

the 5th January 1803.

For Provisions ——

Cloathing ——

Repairs of Buildings, Sec. (many of them requiring to be new roofed)

Miscellaneous Expences; Viz.

Coals ——

Candles -

Soap ——

Lamp Oil ——

Books, Stationary, Printing, See. ——

Medicines ——

Collectors of House Tax - - - - . - - - -v-

Fumiture, and Repairs thereof ——

Ironmongery ——

Tin Ware....

Sundry Incidental Expences ——

Total Miscellaneous Expences ' - - - — . -

Permanent Salaries and Wages to Officers and Servants ——

Salaries and Wages to Mailers and Miilreffes in Schools and Faflories, and to Nurses and Attendants in the House ——

Wages for Nurling 3,288 Children in the Country ——

£ 35° ——

80 ——

- 120 ——

- 50 ——

- 200 — -

- ?s r "

35o ——

- 290 — —

120 — —

- 5° ——

- 700 ——

Total Eilimate of Expence -

Dedufl - - Estimate of Funds; Viz.

House Tax

Rent of Estate - -

Sundry Incidental Receipts -

Total Estimate of Funds

Balance between Funds and Expence Pells and Poundage thereon -

Total Balance

£. s. d.

7.000, — —

3»5co ——

1,200 — —

2,385 ——

1,190 ——

1,000 --

8,200 — —

£ *4)475 — —

" 7,500

£ 16,975

- 5*5

£ 17,500

J. Hendrick, Auditor.

An ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society, in Dublin; for One Year, to

the 5th of January 1803.

CHARGE: £ /. d. F U N D S: £. s. d.

Diet for 135 Boys - - - 1,386 18 Q Dividend on £. 4,300 Bank Stock - 301

Cloathing - - - 397 7 3 Interest on/. 700 Government Stock - 3 - — —

Furniture and Repairs - - 232 9 3 Da - on William-Burton ard John Hyde, Esq.'s

Soap and Candles - - - 78 18 6 Bond to the late Mr. Waddell, for £. 1,200 72

Coals ----- - 105 4 3 Rents of Lands in the County of Carlow, deviied to

Rent A - 9° the Society by Mr. Waddell 13 '

Books, Stationary, and Printing - - 57 10 4 D° of a Lot of Ground at the Rear of the

Outfit of Boys Apprenticed - - - 28 18 4 Nursery ----- - 22 15 — -

Apothecary m - 23 — 6 Probable Amount of Subscriptions - 120 — ~

Incidental Charges - - f 4* 16 1

Salaries, Wages, and Allowances - . - " 283 5 5 Funds - - £. 565 15 —

Wanted to meet the Charge 2,160 13 8

Charge £ 2,726 8 8 £ 2.726 8 8

Witness,

Ephm Hutchtfouy

Vice PrefuK

Vol. 57.

Appendix,

(Xo. 41.)

2 40 Mart tty

{out'tntd.

ESTIMATE of the supposed Expences of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, for One Year; commencing

5th January 1802, and ending 5th January 1803.

Provisions ——

C loathing ——

Furniture and Repain -Coals, Soap, and Candles -

Salaries and Wages -

Stationary ——

Kitchen Garden -

Apprentice Fees -

Infirmary Expences -

Incidental Expences -

New Buildings, Ac. - - - r,

Deduct Revenues of Infiitution arising from Donations and Legacies -

Total - -

£ * 2,300 — —

500 ——

250 ——

250 — —

600 ——

60 — —

70 ——

100 — —

4° ——

30 — — 500 — —

4,700 ——

200 — - —

4,500 ——

By Order.

John Cook Rogers, Secretary.

Ak ESTIMATB of the Expence of the Female Obphan House, Dublin, for One Year; from the 5th January i8oz to the

5th January 1S03, for the Support of One Hundred and Seven Children. '

For Diet ——

Cloathing -

Furniture and Repairs - - - -

Wages and Allowances ——

Coals ——

Soap and Candles -

Books, Printing, and Stationary ——

Rent and Taxes ——

Incidental Expences for Sick, Ac. Ac. Ac.

Total Expence for One Year -

c

£- /. 944 18 a *59 4 10 81 13 11

80 ——

63 14 10 50 7 10 10 18 6*

30 ——

48 4 — £

*>5^9 2 2 A

An ESTIMATE of the Fund applicable to the Discharge of the above Expence; for the same Period,

Annual Subscriptions ——

Produce of Needle Work -

Interest on Ten Government Debentures

Collection at an Annual Sermon - - -. -v

Payments to be made by Subscribers for Seven Children

£ '

383 " 16 6 7

d.

3

si

50 ——

400 ——

84 3 6

Total Estimate of Fund

1,084 2 z\

Balance between Funds and Expence Pells and Poundage thereon *

485 ——

15 ——

Total Balance

-. - c

500 — —

Female Orphan House, 1 November 11th 1801. 3

Rich* Matins,

Register and Accountant.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Association incorporated for Discountenancing Vice,

Practice of the Christian Religion; for the Year 1802.

and Promoting the Knowledge and

Salaries ——

Subscription to reduce the Price of 3,000 Bibles, bound, from 8j. 6d. to 6s. 6 d. -D° - - - - for 16 000 Testaments and Common Prayer Books -D° - - - . for Trails -

D° - - - - for extending Catechetical Examinations

D° - - - - for printing Tracts -

D° - - — for Contingent and Incidental Expences

C ' d. 65 300 — — 200 — — By Averagfe of Annual Subscriptions for the last Three Years - By Sale of Tracts ----- - £ * d 250 — — 20 — —

cn 0* O Q 0000 1 I 1 1 INI Sum wanted to make good the Expences 675

945

fV. Maturing Sec^.

Ah ESTIMATE of the Expence of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary or House of Reform in Dublin for Yoong Criminals, {by Command of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant) for One Year; from the 5th of January^1802 to the 5th of January 1803. *

For building and fitting up- ——

For Maintenance of 50 Persons, at the Rate of £.4. 10/. per Head per Annum F9r Cloathing ——

For Rent, Taxes, and Servants Wages ....

Net -

L500

22s

100

200

2,025

d.

Appendix, (No. 41.) 24° fyf

continued.

Given under our Common Seal at Dublin, the 12th November 1801.

By Order of the Board,

iTho* Byrne, Secretary.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for One Year; from the

5th January 1802 to the 5th January 1803.

Surgeons Salaries ——

Officers - D*-« ——

Servants and Nurses Wages ——

Provisions for 250 Patients ——

Medicines ——

Coals....

Chandler ——

Oil.....-

Bedding ——

Straw ——

Laundress, per Agreement ——

Furniture ——

Repairs ——

Sutionary -

Rent ——

Taxes - «- -

Sundry Contingent Disbursements, per Order of the Attending Surgeons -

T ruiTes ——

Net Amount - t -

£. 1. d.

s.u=_

390 — —

MS* ——

387 -

222 — —

47 ——

*4 — —

*7® ——

46 ——

>47 6 8 *37 >0 4

373 -

30 ——

20 ——

5,997 —

Treasury Deductions - -

Auditor General's Fee on Imprest Roll ----- Four Quarterly Warrants

Gross Amount

185

2

1

6 4

11

189 — —

6,186 . — .

Westmorland Lock Hospiul, I 6Ut November i8si. J

Ged. Stewart, Ch. G. Kenny.

Francis M'Evoy. Gup Hume.

John Halapan. J. Hettthorn.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Dublin Societt for Promoting Husbandry, and other useful Arts, io Ikelanp,

for One Year; firom 5th January 1802 to jth January 1803.

Amount Permanent Expences:

Salaries, Wages, Rents, See. ——

Premiums already offered, and for which the Society (lands engaged -

Contingencies; such as Stationary, Postage, Books and Periodical Publications, Coals, Candles, Plants, Repairs, Extra Workmen, Manure, Sec. over and above what the Society can apply thereto out of their Subscriptions -

Rent for the Ground, under the recited Act of Parliament, as agreed to by the Commissioners for Wide Streets ——

Borne forward

£ * d. £ ' *

3.4*9 9 —

3,188 — —

600 — —

843 8 8

7.059 >7 8

~I 1 1 7.059 17 8

AW. — With respect t6 tills Article, it is to be observed, that £. aoo thereof, valued by said Commissioners, is for the Fee of the Ground which is vested in them; that the remaining £. 642. 8. 8. is for the Profit Rent in the present Occupier, who has tetiej quoties Lease, which may be deemed equal to a Perpetuity: That the Commissioners have valued the said Rent of £.642. 8. 8. to be purchased for the Sum of £.8,219. 1. 8. the Payment of which would cause a considerable Saving, and the Purchase of the Ground entirely would save several Charges in the foregoing Estimate, such as, £. 150 a Year for the Secretary, £.50 per Annum Lodging-money for Housekeeper, and £.60 for Lodging for the Veterinary Professor, and £.50 per Annum Rent for the Veterinary Forge; and should any Part of said Ground prove not necessary to the Society, the Letting of it would lessen by so much the Demands of the Society on the Bounty of ParliamentShould, therefore, the Sum of £. 8,219. * be grated for th* Purchase, the said £.64?. 8. 8. is to be deducted from the foregoing Estimate, which would reduce it to £. 6,417. 9. o. Annually.

Vol. 57.

9z

Appendix, (No. 41.) 24* Marini,

c&ntimmd*

Estimate of the Expence of the Dublin Society for Promoting Husbandry — -continued.

brought forward -

Estimate of Temporary Engagements of the Society, for said Year 1802:

Several Persons whom the Society (lands engaged to for Statiflical Surveys of Counties ..*----27 Counties, at £.80 per - - 2,160 — —

Probable Expence of Printing the same for Distribution, - 27, at £.60 per 1,620 — —

Note. — Five Counties of the 32 are fmished, and paid for.

Estimate for Arrears due, and Sums necessary to complete the Buildings:

Debts to Tradesmen - -- - 1,833 II —

To finish Buildings begun ----- -- 2,34.8 16 —

Estimate for Rebuilding Drawing Schools ----- - 1,667 — —

D° - for Veterinary Buildings ----- - ... 4,04.8 1 4

D° - Gallery over D°, for Models ----- - 1,145 9 9

D® - for Building a Wall round the Botanic Garden - 2,984 13 9

£.14,027 11 10

And if the aforesaid Rent of £.642. 8. 8. (as dated in Schedule, N° 1.)

shall be purchased for - - 8,219 1 8

The Total Sum for Building and Purchase will be - -

(Which Two Years would probably be occupied

in expending.) £.

£. /. d.

7,059 17 8

3>78o ——

22,246 13 6

33,086 11 2

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Edablishment of the Roman Catholic Seminary, for One Year, ending the

5th of January 1803.

£. /. d.

Salary of President - - 113 1C —

Vice President - - - 91 — _

Senior Professor of Divinity - 91 __ ___

J unior - - D° - - - 80 — —

Professor of S. Scripture, &c. - - - - g0_______

D° - of Experimental Philosophy - 60 — —

D° - - Logic and Moral D° - - - - - - 60 ——

D° - - Mathematics - - - 60________

D° - - Rhetoric - - - 60 — _

Two Professors of Greek and Latin, at £.60 each - - - - i2o ——

D° - - of English Elocution - - - - 60 __ ___

Three Assistant Lecturers, at £.40 each - - - -120 ——

Chaplain - - - 60 ___ __

Sac rill an - - - 40 —

Secretary and Treasurer - - - 79126

Subsistence of 18 Mailers, at £.40 each - - - 720 — —

Agent - -- - 300 — —

Subliflence of 200 Scholars, at £.25 each ----- - 5,000 — —

Wages of Steward and Cook, at £. 20 each - - - 40 — —

D° of 10 Servants, at £.10 each ----- -- 100 — —

Subsistence of 12 Servants, at £.20 each ----- - 240 — —

Rent - - - 74 — —

Repairs, Taxes, and Contingencies - - - - -110 12 6

Poundage and Pells - -- 240 — —

L

t. d.

Total Charge of the EAabliflunent for One Year

8,000 — —

By Order of the Trustees,

Andw Dunn, Secretary.

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expenditure at His Majesty's Gold Mine at Croachan, in the County of Wicklow,

Ireland; from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803.

For carrying on the Stream Work - -For the Level - . - -For Contingencies - - - £ d. _ 1,320 540 140 — —

Total - - £. 2,000 — —

Cronebane,

25th December 1801.

A. Mills,

A further ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Puelic Services from the Civil List, not being Part of the Ordinary

Expenditure of the Civil List; and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

William Mitfo-'d. Esq. to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn for the Repairs of Port Patrick Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Persons employed in preparing Ab ft rads to be laid before Parliament of the Population of Great Britain Thomas Brodie, Esq. for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords -Henry Swinburne, Esq. Commissioner for superintending the Arrangements for the Restitution of Danish Colonies ——

Charles Beaumont, Esq. for Expences incurred in making Copies of the Abllrads of the Population of England and Wa.es ——

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for Additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts Edward Coleman, Esq. Serjennt ar Arms attending the House of Commons, in Reimbursement of Expences attending his Removal fyom his late House in Exchequer Court, for the Accommodation of the Public ——

Henry Nettldhip, Esq. for making up, and publishing in The London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Muscovado Sugar, for One Year, ended lit October 1801, and to defray other Incidental Charges attending the same ——

William Chinnery, Esq. to pay Bills drawn on Account of New S^uth Wales, due in the Year 1801, being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose -William Chinnery, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by John Falcon, Esq. Consul at Algiers, for Expences incurred on Account of 223 Persons, including a Corsican Crew taken under English Colours, previous to the English quitting Corsica -

Captain Hunter, late Governor of the Colony at New South Wales, for Expences in providing necessary Supplies for the Consumption on his Voyage Home from that Colony -William Chinnery, Esq. to be paid over to New Settlers on their Departure for the Colony of New South Wales ....

£ ' d-471 14 —

500 —

6>s s —

278 7 —

12 5 13 6

2,044 10 6

324 10 ~

429 14 —

10,539 4 3

1,121 — — 324 9 6

78 ——

Appendix,

(No. 42.)

24® Marlii,

16,892 7 9

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 24th March 2802.

N. Vansittart.

Am ESTIMATE of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the COIN of this Kingdom*

in the Year 1801:

Two Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Four Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

24th March 1802. y iV. Vanfittart♦

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain*

for the Year 1802:

Six Thousand and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

March 24, 1802. 3 AT. Vansittart.

An ESTIMATE of the Expences likely to be incurred for Confining and Maintaining Convicts at Home, for One Year,

to 31st December 1802.

Thirty-nine Thousand and Twenty-four Pounds: —

But, as the Sum already voted for this Service for the Months of January, February, and March, of this Year, amounts to Eight

Thousand Pounds, the Sum remaining to be provided for will be

Thirty-one Thousand and Twenty-four Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, - March 24th i8oz.

N. Vansittart.

Vol. 57.

Appendix, (No. 42.) 2+*, Ma

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Alik ns, according to the Provisions of an Act,

passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign; for the Year 1802.

cntmusd.

Supenntendant of Aliens, Clerks, and Assistants -Agents at the different Ports, with their Extra Bills -Officekeeper, Necessary Woman, and Three Messengers, at 6 s. per Diem -Hr>use Rent, Taxes, Coals, and Candles

Stationary and Printing ——

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills Secret Agents ——

Contingencies ——

C *'

1,420 — —

1,062 — — 458 IO —

353 ——

400 ——

2,138 14 2

I>3°° ——

486 19 10

Total Amount to be provided for the Year 1802

7,620 ——

Whitehall, 1 22d March 1802. j

J. King.

N. B. This Estimate is precisely the same as the E Hi mate for the Year 1801.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cap. Breton, in America $ from the

ill of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Cap. Breton:

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice

Attorney General....

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Minister ——

Surveyor General -

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal ——

Allowance to a public Schoolmarter....

Allowance, upon Account, for Contingencies ——

Agent ——

Allowance to Lieutenant Colonel Des Barres, equal to Half his Salary as Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, from the 7th of October 1787 to the dose of the Year

500

300

100

*5°

loo

100

100

100

40

200

*5°

*793

3.398

♦ 4? 4 4$

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somer's Islands}; from the

ill of January to 31st December 1802.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt - -

\ £. 500 — — 80

£ 580

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America $ from the

1 ft January to the 31st December 1802. /

New Brunswick:

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice -

Three Ailillant Judges, at £.300 per Annum each -

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia*s Commissary at New Brunswick -Allowance on Account, for Contingencies ——

Agent -

£ ' 1,000 — — 500 — — 900 — —

150 ——

250 — — 100 — —

150 ——

800 — —

150 ——

500 ——

150 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia; from the

I ft of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Appendix, (No. 4a.) 24° Ma

continued.

Nova Scotia:

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Ohcer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

T reafurer....

Allowance to a Bishop ——

Allowance to a Bishop's Commissary, at the Rate of £.150 per Annum, Two Years Salary, being in Arrears ——

Allowance to Ministers ....-

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants, who have joined the Church of England -To the Governors of King's College in this Province, for the Salaries of the Prdident and Prose/Tors, and other Expences attending that Establishment -To the Rev. Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate ——

To the Rev. Dr. Brown, late Minister of the Presbyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise provided for ——

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the Ho use of A/Tembly ——

Mrs. Cottnam's Annuity ——

Allowance to Superintendant of Fisheries ——

Allowance for a Vessel employed in the Service of the Superintendant of the Trade and Fisheries ——

An Additional Missionary in Nova Scotia -

Pension to Mary, Widow of Richard Bulkeley, Esq. late Secretary of the Province, from the 30th of June last, at the Rate of £* 100 per Annum ——

Allowance, on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

£. s.

I jcoo — —

850 ——

150 ——

250 ——

ICO ——

150 ——

50 ——

700 — —

4>° ——

963 ——

75 ——

1,000 — —

100 — —

75 ——

loo ——

100 — - —

200 — —

60O -

50 ——

150 8

200 --- —

200 —

7,5*5 8 *1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica; from the

1 ft of January to the 3ill of December 1802.

Dominica:

The Salary of the Chief Justice - - - - £.600 — —

To cease, when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of St.John in America, now called Prince Edward's Island; from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Prince Edward's Island:

j. d.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer

Pro vo ft Marftial ——

Minister ——

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, till otherwise provided for Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, till otherwise provided for Pension to Mr. Peter Stewart, late Chief Justice, at the Rate of JT. zoo per Annum, during his Life, to commence from the 13th July itfoi, the Date of his Successor's Appointment ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and AuJit - - - *

Allowance for Contingencies -

Agent - -

500 — — 300 — — 100 — —

150 ——

100 — — 100 — —

70 ——

ico — —

93 ——

60 — —

294 4 11

100 — —

130 ——

100 ——

2,19, 4 11

VOL. 57.

10 A

Appendix,

(No.

24* Marin,

i$ntiuuid\

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America;

from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Newfoundland:

Salary of the Governor ——

Governor's Secretary ....

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer ——

Allowance to the Missionary at St. John ——

Allowance to the Sheriff, at 10/. per Diem ——

Allowance to Two additional Missionaries at Newfoundland, at £. 50 per Annum each Repair of Church at Trinity -

Rebuilding Court House and Gaol ——

Allowance on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent.....-

£ / d.

500 — —

182 10 —

200 — —

100 — —

5° — —

182 10 — -

IOO — —

160 17

200 —

IOO — —

IOO — —

*>875 *7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada in America,

from the id of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Upper Canada:

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - # .

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Salary of the Attorney General ——

Salary of the Solicitor General ——

Two Judges of the Court of Common Pleas (each £.750) ——

Cleric of the Crown and Pleas -

Two Sheriffs, at £. 100 each - - .

Secretary and Reg 1 Her - -....

Clerk of the Council ——

Receiver General of the Revenues -

Five Executive Councillors, each £, loo -

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Naval Officer ——

Salary of the Bishop's Commissary

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen ——

Allowance to the Widow of the late Lieut. Colonel Campbell, Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward for his firm and judicious Conduct and able Services at the Myamis, and in Consideration of her streightened Circumstances; per Annum -Allowance on Account of Fees, on the Receipt and Audit ——

Agent.....^.....? -

£ ' d.

2,000 — —

1,100 ——

3OO

IOO

1,500

100

200

3OO

IOO

200

5OO

3OO

IOO

150

150 ——

25O ——

200 ——

7.950 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charges of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales; from the ill of January

to the 31st of December 1802.

New South Wales:

£. /. d.

Salary of the Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commissary -

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary ——

' Clergyman -

Ditto - - at Paramatta and Hawklbury -Surgeon ——

Three Mates, *t £.91. 5. o. each ——

Assistant ——

Surveyor of Lands -

Boatbuilder - -

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores ——

Two Additional Clerks to the Commissary, at £. 60 per Annum each Two Assistant Storekeepers ——

Nine Superintendants of Convidb, at £. 50 per Annum each -

Carried over -

1,000 — — 182 10 — 365 —

9« S ~

91 5 —

20 — -

182 IO — *

I46 ——

182 IO — 273 15 — 50 ——

182 IO —

91 5 -182 10 — 120 — — 100 — — 450 ——

3,711 ——

Norfolk Island:

NewSouth Walk % — continued.

Brought forward *

Lieut. Governor of Norfolk Island - - - -. - - - .

Clergyman ——

Surgeon ——

Deputy Commissary of Stores....

Additional Salary to Mr. Clarke, Deputy Commissary of Stores, in Consideration of his long Services, and of the great Increase of the Duties of his Situation, at the Rate of £.91. 5 /. per Annum, to commence from the beginning of this Year, being the Period of his embarking to return to Norfolk island ——

One Storekeeper ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Three Superintendants of Convicts, at £.50 per Annum each -

One Msfte* Carpenter -

One Beachmaster and Pilot -

Deputy Judge Advocate, at 8/. per Diem ——

Provost Marftial ——

Allowance to Governor Philips, in Consideration of his meritorious Services -Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon ——

Allowance upon Account for Fees on Receipt and Audit ——

Agent....

£ ' 4

3,711 — —

250 — — 96 ——

130 ----- *

91 5 —

9l 5 —

So ——

91 5 — 150 — —

40 ——

70 ——

500 ——

91 s —

200 ——

l5° ——

s>9o8 ——

Appendix* (No. 4*-) 24° Marti*,

cenfinutd.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to ther Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fond, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame; from the lit of January to the 31st of December 1802.

Bahama Islands:

£' '

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Two Affiffant Judges,*at £.200 per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Attorney General ——

Provost Marshal ——

Naval Officer - -

Surveyor General of Lands ....

Minister ——

Minister at Hirbour Island and Eleuthra ——

Three Missionaries at the other Islands, at /. 70 each ——

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Sufferings and Services of her late Husband, Edmund Ruih Wegg, late Attorney General ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent ——

800 — — 500 — — 400 — — 1»

150 ——

150 ——

150 — —

150 ——

150 ——

70 ——

70 ——

210 — —

150 ——

700 — —

300 -

150 ——

4,100 — -

ESTIMATE of the Expence to be incurred by the Farming Society of Ireland, b the Year 1802.

Bounties and Premiums for improving the Farming and Live Stock of Ireland; and Expenses attendbg the Introduction of the befl Seed Corn, and other Farm Seeds - - - - £. 4,000 — ___

Appendix,

(No. 43.)

2.50 Martii,

London,

24th March 1S02.

Slip,

Chairman.

1

VOL. 37.

Appendix, (No. 44.) 29* Martii.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Produce of the 4 P E R - C E N T. DUTY; from id January 178; to id January 1801; together with an Account of all Sums charged on those Duties which remained unsatisfied on the 5th April 1801, and payable by the Husband; and of the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Net Proceeds of the 4f-PER-CENT. DUTY*, from the id of January 1785 to the id of January 1801; didinguiQring each Year; as received by the Husband.

Date.

CHARGES.

1785

1786

1787

1788

1789

Duty, Freight, Scc.

Salaries to Officers in the Plantations Pensions and Treasury Warrants

Duty, Freight, &c. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Sec.

Duty, Freight, Scc. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Scc.

Duty, Freight, See. Salaries, as above -Pensions, See.

*79°

1791

Duty, Freight, Sec. Salaries, as above -Pensions, See.

Duty, Freight, See. Salaries, as above -Pensions, See.

1792

Duty, Freight, Sec. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Sec.

Duty, Freight, Sec. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Scc.

Amount of Charges.

£ ' '

20,271 5 n

1,624 >3 6

4,883 6 8

14,989 12 3

1708 14 9 S>9°0 ——

23,396 15 8

2,053 11 9

8,295 1 1

18,633 9 4

1732 9 —

5.089 5 2

14*547 13 1

1,636 17 2

3,166 19 9

10,893 6 8

1,983 4 4

2, ICO ——

12,437 12 IO

1,735 14 9

2,276 12 6

*793

[794

1795

Duty, Freight, Sec. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Sec.

Duty, Freight, Sec. Salaries, as above -Pensions, Scc.

17,373 *4 5

1,617 8 9

1,725 ——

15>425 13 3

1,364 9 10

1,500 ——

27,979 8 9

1,79- >5 10

1,586 — i

Duty, Freight, Scc.

Salaries, as above -Pensions, Arc.

18,956 18 4

1,786 16 7

6.200 — —

Grefs Amount.

£- ' ' 48,473 6 3

26779 6 1

42>7,9 4 S

22,598 7 —

65,152 19 8

33,745 8 6

48,238 13 7

2 5*455 3 6

40,880 18 8

19,351 10 —

33*55® 5 —

14,976 11 —

43*795 !S 5

16,450 — 1

58,970 12 —

20716 3 2

46,177 10 10

18,290 3 1

70,230 1 2

31,358 4 8

62 800 6 —

26,943 >4 11

Net Proceeds.

/. d.

21,694 — 2

20,120 17 5

3i>4°7 11 *

22,783 10 1

21,529 8 8

18,579 14 —

27*345 *S 4

38,254 8 10

27,887 7 9

38,871 16 6

35,856 11 1

[1cQnlinuut

4* Geo. lit.

Appendix.

827

An Account of the Gross Amount, Ac. of the 4 £-Per-Cent. Duty — -contirvud.

Date.

*796

*797

1798

*799

1800

CHARGES.

Duty, Freight, See. -Salaries to Officers in the Plantations Pensions, Ac* -

Duty, Freight, Ac. Salaries, as above Pensions, Ac*

Duty, Freight, Ac. Salaries, as above -Pensions, &c.

Doty, Freight, Ac. Salaries, as above -Pensions, &c.

Amount of Charges.

Dory, Freight, Ac. Salaries, as above -Pensions, &c.

4f-Per-Cetit. Office.7

March 29, 1802* J G. Dicktns,

N.B* — These Accounts having heretofore been made from January to January, the same Mode was obliged

i7>olo is 3 899 3 1

4*5 00 ——

23.370 4 3 2.373 — 3 7.979 —

22,321 12 9 2,012 17 9

11,386 9 —

29,964 16 7 1,556 12 6

9>352 4 "

3*449 *7 5 I.S77 2 1 16,781 12 9

Gross Amount.

£ / d.

57.665 i 9

22,409 18 4

75*714 I® 2

33.7a* »4 6

63,481 9 2 35,720 19 6

74,086 4 11 40,873 13 1

76,933 8 4 50,80! 12 .3

Net Proceeds.

£. s. d.

35>*>S 3 $

41,991 is 8

27,760 9 8

33,212 II IO

26,124 l6 I

Appendix,

(No. 44-)

2 90 A fartii*

continmmd*

Husband.

to be pursued in this Ioftance,

ACCOUNT of all Sous charged on the DUTIES of 4 f-P E R-C R NT. which fomained Unfatifffied on the 5th April 1801; together with the Sums applicable to the Discharge thereof.

PENSIONS.

Executors of E. Burke Lord Hood M rs. Hamilton Miss Hamilton Lord Auckland T. Wilson W. Selwyn -Counters Portarlington Mrs. Gordon -H. Cowper H. Pagel Sir G. Cooper Mrs. Irving -Mils Irving -Mrs. Ricketts -Miss Ricketts -Burrowes and Co. -H. Strachey -Marquis de Bouillie W. P. Georges Mrs. Locke -His Royal Higkaefe the P Lieut. Gen* G. Hotham Holier and Bernard

incoof Wales -

Salaries, as above Duty, Ac* Ac* -

4|*Per - Cent. Office, 1 29 Mar. 1801. J

Vol. 57.

625 — 500 — 50 —

25 —

100 —

75 —

102 KO

200 ---

S®-

256 10 256 10

125 —

3° — 20 — 102 15 ' 25 l7 125 — ^2* 10 3°‘ $

JOO‘ — >02* 1C 8,oooo: —

'807 -15a —

- 11,911 u 9

LSPO,

- 2,l6l 12 I

£ *5»573 3 IO |

Salaries to Officers in the

£ d.

1,500 — —

Duty, Freight, &c.

£ ' d.

2,ldl 11 t

N.B* In Addition to thp Balance of ^.7,317. y. 1/ in Hand the 5 th of April 1801, the l^ulband Was in Receipt of a Sale, which, amounting to £. 11,984. 7/. 44 enabled him to discharge the Demands due on the Office the $th of April above-mentioned:.

10 B

G. Dicktns, Husband.

P. Gregson, Comp1.

V

Appendix,

(No. 4+)

29* Ma,

corttinwid.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums Charged on the DUTIES of 4f-PER-CENT. payable at the Exchequer, which remained Unfatiifiod on the 5th April 1801; together with the Sams applicable to the Discharge thereof.

Governor of Barbadoes

D*

D*

D°

DA

D«

D*

D°

Bahamas -Bermudas Leeward 1 (lands T obago -Grenada Dominica St. Vincent -

Lieutenant Governor of the Leeward I (lands

D° - -- --.....Tortola -

D* - i- ----- -- Antigua -

D° - -- - Nevis

D° - -- - Mountferrat

T>* - -- - St. Kitt's -

D* - -- - Grenada -

D° - -- - Dominica -

Agent for Grenada -- - Turk's Island

Auditor General of the Plantations Chief Justice of the Virgin Islands

PENSIONS:

Countess of Chatham -

Earl of Kinnoul, Representative of

Henry Strachey, Esq.

Henry Ellis, Esq. - *

Mary Elliot - - *

Mary Martin - - - *

Sarah Martin -Alice Martin -Henry Pelham, Esq. -Fredefwood Savory Charlotte Todd -

Francis Tucker -

James Craufurd, Esq.

lenry Charles Selwyn, Esq.

James Seton, Esq. ... Earl Dun more ..... Sir Home Riggs Popham

There remained in the Exchequer on 5th April 1801 to satisfy the Unsatisfied Charges on the 5th April 1801 -

7

£.18,306 7

Annual Charge. Unfjtiified on the 5th April 1801.

£ L ' '

2,000 500 — —

700 I75

750 375

1,200 75$ 7 8 {

Moo 975

1,364 ,682

1,300 650

i,3°° 712 10 —

- 300 75

200 50

- 200 100 — —

300 225

200 50

200 50 -

600 600

400 too — —

200 5°

loo So -

250 62 10

200 50

lj 064

3,000 750

1,000 256

587 146 15 —

300 75

100 25

- 5° 12 10 —

50 12 10 —

5° - 12 10 —

76i 190 5 —

40 10

30 22 10 —

3° 45

8|5 203 i5 —

400 100 — —

800 200

600 150

500 12J

9»n3 £.8,619 2 8*

13,064

£ *.177

sf

Exchequer, 19th March 1802.

James

Ax ACCOUNT of the Sams reccired in the Exchequer upon the DUTY of 4$-PER.CENT. from the 5 th of January 1785

to the 5th of January 1801; diilinguiflung each Year.

Total Receipt in the Year ended the 5th of January 1786 £ r. 20,590 ti

- A - - - - 1787 2 *>478 15

- - - - 1788 3*.3*S 1

- - - - ,789 25*594 ‘8 7i

- — m - - 79® 23,048 19 3

A — - - - 1791 17,260 2 10

- - - - - m 9m - 179a 25,211 IX 11 i

- - - - - >795 39»*5® 12 III

- - A m - *794 3>»772 1 4

- - - - *795 43*881 15 J*

" — A - - - - 1796 34AS6 3 11

- - - - 797 37.35* 8 2 i

— — ,798 >799 55.694 4 28,894 2 ni

- — - - 1800 32,1x8 — 3

* - — - - „ 1 lor *,539 — S

49>»569 -t

Erch'Ouer, 1 Mara t8oa. J

29th

James FiOser.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment and Net Produce of the IN C OME DUTY, in Great Britain* for the Year ending 5th April 1801; diliingui(bing the Charges of Collection, and Deductions; and diilingui/hin£ the Returns made to Commercial Commissioners.

Appendix*

(No. 45;)

A prills.

Charge! Amount of

of Deductions

Collection. on Account of

Children.

£ r. £ ' '

162,825 — 371,040 17 3{

AMOUNT of CROSS ASSESSMENTS.

By Commissioner? hr Central Purpose t. Bjr Commercial Commissioners s TOTAL.

On Income from Trade. On Income from other Sources.

£. /. J. £. £. /. £. /.

4,658.491 15 9i 1,175,836 16 i 416,109 18 I! 6,244,438 10

NET

PRODUCE.

C d.

5,7 >0,5 72 13 &

The Charges of Collection cannot be accurately ascertained until the Duties b^'paid into the Exchequer, and the Accounts of the Receivers General and the Commercial Commissionera passed there. The above is taken from the Account of the Expences actually incurred, and the belt Estimate that can be formed of what may reasonably be incurred for Charges not yet settled; to which lifts been added, an Estimate of the Expences to be incurred in the Collection of Arrears subsequent to the 5th of April 1802, and which may be applicable to the Duties of the Year ending the 5 th Day of April 1801.

Office for Taxes, 1 30th March 1802. \

IViUiom Lowndes. Barne Barns, Horace Hayes.

G. T. GooJenoug/j.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment, for the Year ending the 5th of April 1801; distinguishing the Number and Amount of Assessments on the several Rates of Payment on Income, below £.200. a Year; from £. 200. to £.500.; from £.50o. to £. itoooo.; from £.1,000. to £.2,000.; from £.2,000. to £. 5,000.; and of 5,°o<3. and upwardsand distinguishing Deductions for Children.

CLASSES of INCOME. Proportion of Income. Number of AlteftTmentf. Amount of AftcfTments. CLASSES of INCOME. Proportion of Income. Number of Assessment*. Amount of Afleftmentr.

£.60. and under £.65. I — 120th. 54.3* £ ' *357 3 j. si £. 145* and under £. 150. I — 22d. 3,069 £ ' 19,728 7 4. 2i

65..... - 70. 1 — 95th. 14,728 *0.595 3 9i 150. - - - 15S- I — 20th, 9,203 65,285 2 9

70.. - - . 75- I — 70th. 23.9*3 *3.112 14 9f 155. . - - lOO. I — 19th. 2.184 17,310 13 "r

75- - - - 80. I — 65th. 9»3*« 10,258 6 9t 160. ... 165. 1 — i8;h 3*761 32,010 3 *. z

80. - - - - 85. I — 60th. 19639 25,290 18 i 165. ... 170 I — 17th. 2 082 *9,46* 3 «i

X 1 1 9°. 1 — 55 th. 7.302 11*115 18 170. - - - 175- 1 — 16*h. 3.6+7 37.4*' 7 5i

90 9>- 1 — 50th. 11.205 19,45814 *1 175. - - 180. 1 — 15th. 2 015 22,975 2 2+

9j* - - - - too. 1 — 45th. 7.3 35 '5»3*3 7 4 180. ... 185. I — 14th. 3.758 46,100 7 sf

100. - - - - 105. 1 — 40th. 24.031 57,916 6 7l 185. - - - 190. I — 13th. 1,884 25,954 2 6f

105. ..... no. 1 — 38th. 4.9*5 13.*53 16 5 *190. ... 195. I — 12th. 2,680 41,486 4 6i

110. - - 115. 1 — 36th 6,136 *8.157 — 5* 195. --- 200. I — i ith. 2,320 41,301 18 ai

115. . - 120. 1 — 34th. 4.083 13461 7 6i 200. --- 5OO. 1 — 10th. 42,694 1,223,908 2 4

120. !2>. 1 — 32d. 8,582 30,667 17 »* 500. - - 1,000. 1 — 10th. 14,762 949,847 1 7,

125. - . - . 130. 1 — 30th. 4»365 17,829 2 9i 1,000. 2,000. 1 — 10th. 6,927 904*15 8 8i

130. - - - - *35- 1 — 28th. 5.760 25.850 8 4 2,000. ... C, O00 1 — 10th. 3.657 1,040,274 19 ,1

135. . . 140. 1 — 26th. 3,646 18,501 13 4 5,000. and upwards 1 — loth, ird - 1,020 997»°39 9

140. ..... >4 5- I — 24th. 5,784 32,369 14 5i Brought forwj 215,076 369,419 14 41

215,076 £ 369.4*9 >+ 4 320,759 £ 5,853,629 8 1 ♦

THE Sum of £. 19,768. 5/ 5 jy. (being the Amount' of the Duties in Three Districts in Scotland) not being returned in Claftes has been classed in the opposite Column*, according to the general Proportions throughout the rest of Great Britain; and the Deductions on Account of Children throughout the Kingdom, to the Amount of £.371,040. 17 j. 3!^. being returned from each District in One Amount, the following Estimate has been made of the Amount in each of the said Claftes; viz.

CLASSES of INCOME. Returns from SCOTLAND, in Clafte*; vit. Deductions on Account of Children, in Claftes.

£. £. '

Under - £.200. 2,499 18 9*j 7,»4* 4 6

£.200. and under 500. -U u 00 'O 103,600 10 4!

500. - - 1,000. 3.*>S 7i 63.735 a

1,000. - - 2,000. 3,060 16 37.599 14

2,000. - 5,000 3>501 »S 4$ 41,812 I3 IO

5,000. and upwards - 3,346 13 8J [52,871 11

19,768 5 5} j 37I,040 I7 3f

Total of Gross Assessments - - £.

390,809 2

6,244,438 10 gi

Office for Taxrs,) 30th March 1801.3

Vol. 57.

William L

Barne Barne.

Horace Hayes.

G. T. Goodenough.

Appendix,

(No. 45.)

I. Apri,

cmtinutd.

«f INCOME, is each of the Gaffes below £ too aYeir-. r t)PB<!ONS. and Amount of lMV-uwc,

An ACCOUNT of the Number of r calculated from the Assessments for tie

CLASSES of INCOME. Number of Pet Tons in each Class. Amount of Assessment. Proportion of Income. Amount of ‘ Income.

£ X. j. £ >.

£.60. - and under - £-6s- - " - - 54»3* *6.357 3 si 1 — 120th. 3,162,860 17 6

65.- - - - 70. - " - - 14,728 *o.S9S 3 92 I — 95th. 1,006,543 _

70. - V 75- - - - - *3.9 >3 23,112 H 92 I — 70th. *,617,891 15 5

75- - - 80. - - - - 9.3 *» 10,2 58 6 9i I — 65th. 666,79, — il

So. - - ®5* - - - - j 9,63 9 25,290 18 1 1 — 60th. *'5'7.454 5 ♦

*5- - - - 90. - - 7>3°* M,1I5 18 101 — 55^. 611,376 18 4

90. - 95- - - - - 11,205 19,458 H 1 i 1 — 50th. 972.935 7 Sl2

95- - too. - - - 7.335 *5>3*3 7 4 1 — 45th. 689,551 (0

too. - - - ioy. - - 24,031 57.9'6 6 7 1 — 40 th. *.316,653 5

105. - - - 110. - - - 4>9*S *3.*53 16 5 1 — 38 th. 4S9-845 3 10

110. - - - 115. - - - 6,136 18,157 — Sk 1 — 36th. 653,652 16 6

UJ. - - - 120. - - - 4,083 ' *3,46* 7 6 i 1 — 34th. 457,686 17 >1

ISO. - - *5- > - - 8,582 30,667 17 *f 1 — 32d. 981,371 8

1*5. - - - 130. m "« - - 4,36j 17,829 2 94 1 — 30th. S34,874 3 9

130. - - - *35* - - - - 5,760 25,850 8 + 1 — 28th. 723,811 13 4

«3S* - - - 140. - - - - 3,646 18,501 »3 4 1 — 26th. 481,043 6 8

14a - 5,784 32,369 x4 5 1 I — 24th. 776.873 7 6

*♦5* ' - - - IJO. - - - 3,069 19,728 7 I I — 22d. 434,023 18 7

218,145 389,148 1 7 i 18,105,241 I3 II |

THE SUM of £.19,768. 5. $|. (being the Amount of the Duties in Three Districts in Scotland) the General Proportions throughout the rest of G&eat Britain: and the Deductions on Account each District in One Amount, the following EfUnwte has been made of the Amount in each of

«r * t - Computation of

' CLASSES of INCOME. Returns from SCOTLAND,

in Cla&s; vif.

£. i.

Under ----£. 200. - 2,499 18 9 { e

£. 200. - and under - 500. - 4,143 9i

300. ..... 1,000. - 3,*i5 >* l\ - -

1,000. 2,000. - 3,060 l6 2 £ -

2,000. ..... 5,000. 3,5°* *5 4{

5,000. and upwards - 3,346 13 8{

Office for Ta^es, 1 30th Match i8oa-1

42. Geo. Hi.

Appendix.

831

from £.100 .£.5001 from£.soo ro£ Iroooo; from £.1,000 to £.2,000; from £ t.oooo to £ ;,oooo, and of £. ;,oooo, 1 P Year ending the jth of April 1801.

Append (No. 4i 1" Jprh

tmti*ueJ

CLAJSES of INCOME. Number of Per fans in each Chfk Amount of Assessment Proportion of Income. Amount of Income.

£ /. d. £ ' d.

£.150. - and under - £ *55- - 9*203 65,285 2 9 I — 20th. \ *.305.702 15 —

1 Si- 160. - 2,184 17,310 *3 *of 1 — 19th. 328,903 5 a£

160. - 3,761 32,010 3 -i 1 — 18th. 576,182 15 *

>65. - 2,082 19,461 3 ii 1 — 17th. 330,839 .13 Si

I7C^ *75* - 3.647 37»4i* 7 Si 1 — 16th. 598,581 19 4

l75* ----- 180. 2,03s 22,975 2 *i 1 — 15th. 344.626 13 I

180. *»5- - 3*75* 46,100 7 Si 1 — 14th. 645,405 4

185. m 1,884 *5*954 2 61 1 — ijth. 337,403 12 9*

190. - 2,680 41 >486 4 6} 1 — 12th. 497,834 *4 i

195. - - - IOO. - 2,320 4|,3oi 18 *i 1 — nth. 4S4.3* — 61

200. - 42.694 1,223,908 2 4 1 — ioth. 12,239,081 3 4

500. - 14.762 949.247 1 7 i_»iotb. ' 9-498470 *5 10

1,000. - 6,927 904,115 8 00 1 — loth. 9041,154 7 Ik

2,000. - 3657 1,040,274 19 *f 1 — ioth. 10,402,749 12 I

5,000. and upwards - - 1,020 997*°39 9 3 i 1 — 10th. 9>97°>394 12 8}

Brought forward - - 218,145 389,148 1 7i . - 18,105,241 13 11

320,759 5*53.629 8 -i 74.676,893 *8 i f

not being retamed in dailies, which has been classed in the undermentioned dalles, according to «f Children throughout the Kingdom, to the Amount of £.371,040. 17. 3 f. being returned from the said C lades.

Amount of Income thereon. Com potation of Deductioox 00 Account of Children, in CUUTec. Amount of Income thereon.

£. /. d. £. /. d. £ '* *

- - 79,508 10 10 i 7*4*t 4 6 2,291,932 17 2I

- - 4*434 7 8 { 103.600 10 4^ 1,036,005 3 9

- - 32,156 6 3 63.735 a 637,351 6 — i

- - 30,608 1 IO { 37*599 *4 8 375*997 7 *

- - 35,017 16 41,812 13 IO 418,126 18 4

- - 33*466 17 3 52,871 11 3 528,715 12 8 4

252,192 — 6{ - # 5,288.129 5 1 a

: i

Total of Income brought into Charge - - £.

5,540,321 5

80,*17,215 3 9f

1 .1 ~t

William Lowndes.

Barne Barne.

Horace Hayes. j

G. T. Goodenough. . I

Vol. 57. 10 C

- 1

GOO^l6

A. 1 802.

Appendix, (No. 45.)

I. April,

fCMtlHUtd,

Ak ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment upon INCOME, for the Year ending the 5th of April iSoi; ditlinguishing England from

below £.200. a Year, and from jT.zoo. a Year and upwards;

NUMBER of ASSESS MEN' r s. 4 COUNTIES. AMO UN T of ASSESSMENTS on below £. 200 a VK Act. INCOMES

On Incomei below £. lee. a Year. On Incomei from £ 2co> a Year, and upwards. TOTAL. By Commissioners fur General Purposes. By Commercial On Income from Trade. Com mini oners. On Income from other Sources. TOTAL.

£ £ £- £ * J- £ * </. £ ' d. /. d.

1,408 260 1,66s Bedford - - 4,919 1 8i - - - 4,919 1 H

2.813 l'c9> 3,918 Berks - - - 9,410 6 7 - - - - 9.410 6 7

2,860 633 3.493 Bucks - - - 976i 3 - - - - 9.761 3 9k

2,408 687 3.095 Cambridge - - 7.480 6 — { - - - - 7,480 6 — 1

4*S48 83s 5-383 Chester - - - 10.419 1* 7i 874 ro 6i 60 3 7l 11,354 6 9\

3»S 4 618 4*,32 Cornwall - - 8,855 — 4I *54 9 10 122 12 8 9*3* 2 ioi

**37 3*4 *S5‘ Cumberland - - - ,5.112 9 10 -1 - - - - 5,112 9 10

2,837 57* 3.408 Derby - - - 8.0,6 4 7i - - - - 8,056 4 7k

9>3+o 1,622 10,962 Devon - - 24,792 2 4! 814 8 X 2 430 I4 3 26,037 4 7*

2,772 729 3.501 Dorset - - 8,585 16 iij - - 8,585 16 "i

2.81 s 644 3*459 Durham - - - 5*595 7 nl 1,768 12 4 55° 5 6f 7*9*4 s 10

6>3S4 1.652 8,oo6 Essex - - - ‘8-977 15 3k - - 1*977 '5 3 i

5»i6o *3 31 6,491 Gloucester - - 15.35* 4 ‘‘I s69 5 1 141 18 H 16,063 8 9i

2,029 420 2,429 Hereford - - 6,167 ‘* " + - - - 6,167 12 Mi

*>S«9 848 3*367 Hertford - 7,5*8 7 7i - - - 7*5*8 7 7k

'‘55 2 70 1,42; Huntingdon - - - 3.858 9 4 - - - 3,858 9 4»

>2,664 2,660 15,324 Kent - - 31,909 3 10 504 1 S 56 6 32.469 11 9}

>4.223 965 17.188 Lancaster . - 26,9*7 5 3 7»759 if 729 13 -i 35>4'6 9 5i

3*335 776 4>m Leicester - . 9,788 18 7 - - 9,788 18 71

5.37H >.267 6,645 Lincoln - - # 17>S87 * 1 - - - i7.S87 11 1

5-618 *>549 7.167 Norfolk . 16,016 19 3f 2*445 13 6f 33« 7 Si 18,801 — 3i

3.24, 748 3.S89 Northampton - - 11.689 — 6 i - - 1 1,689 — 6 i

3*347 1,048 4*395 Northumberland - - 7,882 4 2i 1,784 19 3 213 3 11 9,880 7 4k

*>973 7*5 3/88 Nottingham - - 6,629 14 3i 1,324 1 9l 128 12 3 8.082 8 3l

3*34 863 4.097 Oxford - - - 10,972 18 7i - - - - 10,972 18 7i

409 89 498 Rutland - - - 1,477 18 6 - - - - *477 18 6

3,786 769 4-555 Salop - - 12,381 11 4 - - - 12,381 11 4

10,042 3*39 13,181 Somerset - . 27,003 17 Hi 525* 7 7i 981 1 5* 33.236 7 — *

7*730 1,912 9,642 Southampton - - - >9,476 5 3 2,672 13 9x 477 6 3 22,626 5 3i

4*598 896 5 >494 Stafford - - 12,874 9 9 - - - - 12.874 9 9

4-627 1.237 5,864 Suffolk - >3*75 " 9* 874 3 if 313 13 6 14.46217 4 i

>0,164 2.517 12,681 Surrey - - . 28,241 8 9i " - " - 28,241 8 9k

3,880 1,104 4,984 Sussex - 12,169 - - . - - - 12,169 — —

5*372 >,072 6,444 Warwick . 12,213 18 ij 3»52* 2 if 482 - io{ 16,217 1 i

936 >70 t,106 Westmorland - - 2,165 10 n| - - - - 2,165 10 11}

4*586 1,247 5.833 Wilts - 15*75 4* - - - 15*75 8 4k

3.367 «S7 4,224 Worcester - 8,062 18 4 i*95! 18 1 i 112 IO lof 10,127 7 4*

2*590 668 3.258 York, East Riding . - 7*45 9 i>°37 5 5 192 l8 7, 8.475 6 9

3*4>4 2,804 16,218 West Riding m 24,388 8 2 7,171 12 -I 1 333 12 4$ 32,893 12 8|

2,924 53* 3.4SS North Riding - 8,083 9 7 - - 8,083 9 7 i

9.061 8,260 >7.3*1 London - . - - 25,676 19 4 1,08913 5 - H 2,791 6 2 *9*557 18 11

23*046 7*054 30,100 Middlesex - - 69,551 18 — } - „ . - - - 69,551 18 — i

*0,021 4*003 14,024 Westminster - - - 33,182 19 4 J - - - - 33,182 19 4 i

>79 5° 229 Anglesea 412 — 9 - - - 412 — 9

360 81 44i Brecon - . - 992 8 3: - - - 992 S 3

210 52 262 Cardigan 566 18 2 - - - 566 18 2

600 > 19 7*9 Carmarthen . - 1,310 15 2j 153 8 4 48 8 11 1,512 12 Si

222 57 279 Carnarvon . - 456 1* 8[ - - - r - - - 456 12 8f

663 165 828 Denbigh - - 1,799 5 "i - - - - . 1,799 5 "i

390 87 477 Flint - - 9U 4 11 - - - 9*« 4 ll

963 205 1,168 Glamorgan - - 2,700 9 6 - - - 2,700 9 6

>90 *4 214 Merioneth - - 466 15 — j - - - 4(,& ,s

952 169 1,121 Monmouth . - 3,543 12 8J - - - 2.543 12

546 77 623 Montgomery - - . 1,582 11 — i - - - 1.58* 11 __ I 1

6|j 7* 7*7 Pembroke . 1,786 2 2 - - - 1,786 2 2

*44 36 280 Radnor - - - 68* 3 9l - - - 682 3

>6,220 . *»3>7 20,537 Scotland - - 38,929 19 5* 4,058 8 6* 798 5 61 43.78613 7

*51,699 69,060 320,759 - - £ 682,163 4 — 45,881 5 61 10,303 2 7i 738.347 12 2

OFFICE for TAXES,) 30th March 1802. J

Scotland; distinguishing the several Counties in England; and distinguishing the Number and Amount of Assessments on Incomes and distinguiAung the Returns to Commercial Commissioners.

AMOUNT of ASSESSMENTS on INCOMES above £.too. a YEAR.

Br

CommUIionen

for

General Purposes.

£ a 2.051 64.960

37384

33- *S»

49.982

34- 78o 16, 838 47.3o> 77-767 5®-475 23.769 90.703 68.858 24.719 5*3<

>5-488

5*.739 *9-4 59 4*'92> 7 j-9?6 73 3=>8

4°93->

4*-53

t.

11 —;

>5 9r 16 4f

3 3 19 9

3 7

2 10$

9 7 6 ni 16 6

13 >oJ

>7 J 9 3i >9 *1 10 71

12 io| 6 9J 5 4J >7 61 19 — J

3 «i 10 li

40.753 1 7i

47-391 10 81

6.868 *7 8

47,062 5 9i

131/76 — 4i

S* 439 M — 1

59->36 16 61

63,703 1S *i

46,383 5 *i

66.737 12 9i

39.401 9 — i

8.938 *4 6i

69.047 S r.{

33*s *4 8

*7-44> i* 61

111,315 16 7i

35-> 94 9 1 ,

161,455 9 61

559.687 3 11

467.977 18 4i

*»3'>3 7 1 5

3*734 1 11

2.5 1 — nf

6,c 0 8 loi

*-353 10 <'i

11 16; *3 5

9-3 3 2 2

11,124 8 i°i

1.591 11 A

8-759 t6 1 1

3-4 40 *3 —

9,^09 >7 6

>659 11 si

134,820 2 11

3,677^70 2 8J

By Commercial Commissionera. TOTAL.

On Income from Trade. On Income from other Sourcet.

£ x* d. £. s. d. £. d.

- - 22,052 12 — }

— - 64,960 15 9I

- 37.384 >6 4I

- 33*5* 3 3»

1,519 9 — 919 15 6J 53-4* 4

4*5*9 >6 4 1,863 8 10 4,»,73 8 9

- 16,838 2 ioi

- 47-3->5 9 7

2.170 4 ioj *.384 8 3! 81,311 — l}

38,475 16 6

9.604 7 1,771 4 8 36,145 5 9

- 93.7-3 >7 3

4i°86 4 il 2,000 11 4 74-945 4 8i

24.7*9 >9 *1

... 52 235 10 71

- 15,488 12 ioi

1.471 16 1 532 18 — *53 744 — *oi

101,990 19 9! 20,882 14 61 *»3'3 9 81

, 4*-9*S >7 61

- 73,956 19 — i

13.311 l8 t\ 6,092 13 2 92.712 16 9I

- 40,930 13 if

16,058 19 1 8,094 12 IO 66.337 — i

4.669 3 11 1,44! 17 7 4-6-9-4 3 >i

- 47.591 ro 81

- 6,868 17 8

- - 47,062 s 91

44 788 — 5 23,088 12 9J 199.55* 13 6i-

10,839 — i 5*747 7 4 109.026 2 5

m _ - 59.136 16 6{

*.438 9 ioi ,*7,9 13 3 67,861 18 3l

- 146.383 5 2j

- - 66.737 * 9i

I,»75* *3 4i 3,988 16 7i 55*43 >9 -4

- ... 8,958 14 6*

- - - - 69047 5 ie>i,

7-7S6 7 71 *»75* 17 — 43-733 >9 3i

16.673 «5 5 5,218 14 7 49 343 8 61

48*4°* 11 16,290 4 — £ 177.018 11 9i

* 35>*94 9 >

7aa,99® ia 7 260,015 7 4 1.084,469 9 si Q

- 5$9*687 3 *

- - 467.977 *8 4l

- *363 7 5

- 3*734 *

- «- - a.571 — ni

428 8 10 6*S 7 5 7.130 5 *1

- 2,39* 10 *a

- 11 *a 63 13 5

- 0*33» a 2

11,124 8 ioi

1,^92 11 3

- 8 759 16 — i

- 3,440 13 —

- " 9*669 i7 6

- 1.659 >>, Si

34-3*1 *6 to! 11,328 11 i£ 280,460 IO Ilf

1.060,842 16 10 376,768 16 3I 5,115,281' 15 icf

Airomt of Assessment in Three Difliifts in SCOTLAND, 7 which have not been returned in Claflet - - - - j

Total 'AMOUNT of NET ASSESSMENTS. Amount of Deductions for Children. Total amount of GROSS ASSESSMENTS.

/ /. d. £ i. if. £

26,971 13 n 1.803 3 3 28,774 l6 Ilf

74*37* 2 4f 5,210 2 7 79-58! 4 "t

47*46 — *1 3.894 1 10 51,040 1 "i

*0,732 9 4j *»9°7 *5 1 43,64° 4 5i

64,776 1 z 437' 18 7\ 69,148 9 8i

5C,405 11 7* 4-054 15 9 54 4f,° 7 4i

21,950 12 8 i >*974 10 1 23,925 2 9i

5S>36* 14 *i 4-700 4 3 60,061 18 5f

>07,359 4 9 8,996 l6 sl 116,356 1 *i

47,061 13 5i 3.691 4 -i 50,753 17 6

44059 11 7 3.648 — 3 47»7°7 11 10

109,681 12 61 8,833 16 8 118.515 9 *i

91,008 13 5i 6,838 *9 6i 97*847 *3 —

3°>*97 12 2 2.244 9 7 33*4* 1 9,

59,76318 3i 3,881 5 6| 63,64; 3 9i

*9-3.47 2 3 1.5*7 6 3i 20,864 8 6i

186,213 12 3*651 *5 8 I99.865 8 4i

*47-749 *9 2 *9 5*4 1 2 267,264 — 4

5*>7*4 16 *£ 3-56* 6 \oi 55,676 3 — i

9*544 10 *i 7*735 7 *1 99-79 *7 4*

111,5*3 17 1 8,832 19 sl 120,346 l6 6i

S*6iq 13 8 4*3*4 *9 3 56,934 12 11

76 227 9 4i 3.892 8 8i 80,1 I9 18 *f

54,986 11 5 1.599 17 5 57-586 8 10

58.364 9 4* 4^*4 *3 81 62,389 3 I

8 34D 16 2 66j 11 9,0,2 7 ioi

594-13 *7 4.367 *5 1 63.811 12 *i

231,789 7i 16,448 17 Si 249 237 18

>31.652 7 H 9.35 *4 11 140,958 2 7l

72,011 6 3i 5,084 15 *i 77,096 1 6

82,324 15 «i 6,7*1 7 1* 89,036 2 9i

74*6*4 *3 >*i 9.205 4 6| "183,829 18 6i

78,906 12 9i 5-5*4 10 — i 84,431 2 lof

7*36* — ii 4-99* 6 — 76,35* 6 *i

n, H4 5 6 847 6 7f 11,97* 12 *i

- 84,312 14 *i 6,592 14 4* 90,915 8 7i

53*861 6 7f 4,676 19 ni S8.S38 6 7i

57*818 15 3i 3,788 18 61 6l 607 13 IO*

209.912 4 6 19.958 11 ioi 229,870 16 4i

43*77 18 Si 2,468 S 9i 45,746 4 6

1 1,114/227 8 4i 60,164 12 3i 1,174,19* ~ 7i-

629,339 1 *i 27.99* 6 7i 657,23 > 8 7

501,160 17 9» 15*498 10 1 516,659 7 i»i

*775 8 2 2 66 7 ' 3>°4* *S 4

4.7*6 10 2 334 9 2i 5,060 19 4f

3, *37 19 >i *99 3i 3.33619 sl

8,642 17 7 588 18 4i 9>23! *5 *»i

2,850 3 3 165 — 9? 3>0, S 4 — i

12.962 *9 4i 765 18 *f 13,7181; 5f

IO.242 7 1 S3® — *i 10,77* 7 9i

I 3>824 |8 4i 9*8 *7 2i >4*753 *5 7

*,059 6 3i >9* *3 9i 2,251 — 4

11,303 8 9i 593 >5 *♦ >*,897 3 >'i

5,023 4 — 1 43* 2 3i 5-455 0 4

* -45 5 19 8 630 >4 61 12,086 >4 *i

*,34> *5 3i 89 12 9 *43* 8 -

3 >4*47 4 6f *3,933 ‘9 3i 348,181 3 9i

5*853,629 8 — i 371,040 17 3l 6,224,670 / 5 3i

19,768 5 5i - - 19,768 5 5i

| v5-873.397 13 6 371,040 *7 3i 6,244,438 10 9l'

pjiendix,

(No* 45-)

j» j4pril‘s>

eont:»*eJ-

Vol. 57.

William Lowndes. Barne Barne. Horace Hayes.

G. T. Goodenoiigh.

10 D

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Pjn'ndiX, Am ACCOUNT of thr PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, as the same Hood on the ill February 1802: Distinguishing, By wh«: No. 46.) different Funds in which it is Inverted; the Capital Stock of cuch Fund 5 the Annual inter^H thereof; Annuities for Terms; the Charges of Managemei t; the

Created since the 5th January 1793: ----- ---- Dillinguishing also. Upon whic Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are

- -r

0 Af 'i/is.

j

-‘-v-

By what ACTS Created.

SUMS RAISED,

or

BILLS FUNDED.

6 Will. Sc Mary z k. 3 - Ann - -J

4 - . D« - -

5 - - !>» - -1

ft - - Da -

IP - - IP -

£ 3 P« Cent, per Annum.

£ 3 ?'T c«nt. Consolidated Annuities.

d.

CAPITALS AT ______'

£ 3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities

j.

£4 Per Cent. Consolidated ' Annuities.

d.

£ 5 percent. Consolidated Annuities.

£ 5 perCent. Annuities, Annii 1797 & 1801.

1. d.

I. d.

\ Troports ^n of f rr^oir^ CAPITA

pure haled by Cornmtiione. fnr th" Re 'action r f th»-\ai..*l»4 D b

; k 6 Will Miry 20 Gro. II. -SI - D°

31- D°

*9J -

B

3, S Geo. I. a, 17,11

19, A: 2 J Geo. 11. - j

BANK OF ENGLAND:

SOUTH SEA COMPANY1!

9 Geo. I. --j-..

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY: 16 Geo. II. - -j....

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND: ta Geo. I, -

«y sundry AOs prior to 33 Geo. 111.

17 Geo. 111. -Sundry Att» prior to 33 Geo. Ill 7, 7 D ro -

rr \ 26 Geo. 111.

d

33 Geo. III. A*1793

34 Geo. III. A°1794

35CC0 III. A°i79*

36 Geo. III. A°1796

37 Geo.111. A*1797

3SGeo.UI. A°i79S

39 Geo. 111. A°1799

40Ge.v III. A®iSoo 41 Geo. 111. Aci8oi

42 Geo III. A° 1801

if

3SGeo.111. A°1798

; V 79 Geo. 111. A*1799 40 Geo. in A*i8oc

C f 37 Geo. l!I.A°1797

7 w 73 I 38 Geo. 111. - 179*

39^m-III. - 1799 ✓ £ I 4c Geo. 111. - igco

5 ! 41 Geo. 111. - 1801

n,686, Sco — —

24,065,084 13 11J 1,919,600 — — 1,000,000 — —

5»*34,4oo

6c 8,000

97,156,985 8 5J

33.78*1636 7 7

32,750,000 ——

*7.869,993 9 10

34,042,908

38,671,484 13 11*

97,156,985 3 51-33*781,636 7 7

£ 4,500^00 - - - - Raised -

J £♦ *>oco, oooo - - - - Raised -Navy Bills Funded

!£ 18,000,000 - - - - Raised - - - Navy Bills FunJed

J £ 18,000,000 and £.7.500,000 Raised I.....Navy Bnl» Funded

6,250,000 - -

11,000,000 - -

18}oooo, cco 30,530,000

£.18,000/300 ..... Raised

£.13,000,000, Part of £.14,500,000 Raised -

- - - N »vy Bills Funded -

- - - - Exchequer Bail* Funded

J £.7,000,000, Proportion of £.9,000,000 - Part I ot £.17,000,000 Raised -

!£. 3,000,000 Raised j and £. 1,500,000, Proportion of £ 4,500,000, Pirt of £ 15*500,000 Raised -

J£.5,occ, cco,

I £-20,500,

£.25,500,000, Proportion of £.18,000,000 Raised

£. 5,occ, cco, Proportion of £.7,000,000, Part of 000 Raised....

1-! 1-

Exchequer Bills Fooded

16.250.000 - -16,438,175 5 "

1,999,699 4 4

10.500.000 - -

4.875.000 -

5.500.000 -

31,875*°°° -

2,227,612 10 -

£. 8,coo, oco*> - - - f£. 17,000,000 Raised -£. 11,000,000 J. Part of <£. 15,500,coo - D° -

- - i£

£ 1 3,5oo,.3o J

»,500,000 - D° -

251,002,472 7 9$

12,000,000 -

13,750,000 - -

»4,850,000 -

6,359»6-5 ——

6.500.000 — —

3.500.000 — _

3*374*5° ——

2.350.000 — —

11,41,150 ——

2,127,612 10 —

32*750,000 — -

17,869,993 9 10

*i75 ——

6,000,000 — —

2,6 00,000 -

765*4*7 I. 6

,04»432 5 8

1,926,525 12 5

1,609,897 17 1

4,4*4,074 4 6

2,034,889 11 1

170,202 4 8

:: :}

:: {

20,124,843 1J —

59,885,;.* >>^91,656 *.54 >.734 3.533.513 4.788,750

4*55.*5 ——

*.117,6 u 10 —

£ 1,500,'-ocA ... r£. 14,500,000 Raised

£.*,0.0,0 o Proportion j £' 9'000-tc0 n° *

£ 3,coc 000 \ of \ £ 4*5°°,coo - Do.

£ Sf000,000 I - - - j £. 7,ooc, oco - D° -

£ *, S°°»°OoJ - - - 1 £. 28,000*000 - D -

193,102^.72 7 9;

*,875,000 —

3,000,000 - -

3.750.000 - -

2.100.000 - -

3,12 5, COO----

38,671,484 13 II]

;c7,*5*47* 7 9

71,034,373 *7 7

4,000,000 ——

5,500,000 — — . 6,34f,oco ——

49»415»°H *7 *

86,879,373 17 7

750,000 — — 1,000,000 — — 1,500,000 — —

94^,000 — — 1,268,750 ——

-8,125,502 49 7

22>35M56 5 —

3co, oco — —

Neff. — The Capital Stock of £, 3 per Cent. Corfdidated Annuities, Created prior to the Year 1793, originally 107,390,69b. 5. ]J. but ii irduceJ as above by rejfon of £. 10,242,710. i. 8. trans#« r cd to the Commissioners for the Reduction uf thr National Debt, on Account ot Land Tax Redeemed be.ore 1 ft February 1802; and the Capital of the £. 3 per Cent. i<ed >ced Annuities was ^.41,^40,0^3. 16. 4. but is n»*w reduced as above by /T. 7,758^3". 8. 9. tranjfcrred as JljrclV.d On which Capitals so transferred, the Interest and Management ceales to be p^i.

21*3SMS6 5 —

t^»I2'5*5^* *9 7

4 9*7 2 5,084 17 2 92;338,i 23 17 7

5r472 7 91

3 >67 i^4.S4 13 11}

Total PRINCIPAL DEBT, as it flood on the ift Fcb.uary 1S02 - -

}. c

lib 5,105 I — j

6,017.9 >5 »«6aj5

361/nI

>94^99

346^>53

59,588,904

*43>6*4

*35.3* >97.* 3* 77.6j* 33.9*7

60,375.3"

M. no. ax or. m — By the »i*4«Mn«iui^ed Act. of Pul,

men., for ..l.ancinj certain LO A N S to Hu M A J E S T V the E M P E R O R of C E R M A N V, it Is Cuarantred, Hut, i„ Dcfju, rp , ,. . t.

by him, it fiull b« mad. a Cn ur.m the Co.afolIJ i:cd Kund. . r>ln default of Payment of Int«en, io

P» what SUM Advanced. CAPITALS Purchased by Comm'irjL'ners for Redufti *n of Debt.* Annual Interest upon Unredeemed Debt. An-uitiei fir 1 Term of Years. P^yabh- *r» the C< I'MMIStlONf RS J i i ,st

ACTS Ctr ateJ. at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum. 1 , . Inrr*eft < n j S T 0 (' K Purchas>i. Annuity at £. I per Cent, j 1 L large* :| ii Management. annual EXPENCE.

5 Geo. Ill A® 1795 7 Geo 111. A° 1797 £ 4,6oc,000 £ *>620,000 £ 3>S31>313 < 3,669,;00 — — £. r. d> Nil. - 308,727 £ I I t ,c oo — — 100,817 3 to . £ * 2 3u, COO — — ij j £. - d. ! . Nil. -| 9,^61 16 2 £ d. N 1. 3r,.693 — —; £ j 4*311 *° — , *, S*i 5 £ r. d. 349*3*1 *0 — 148,284 5 1 C The yT. 3 per Cent. As* £ the A n-'o.tii'S ibr 1 Redeemable with the £ 1

£ 7,501633 6 8 3cV*7 215,817 3 10 250,000 — — 9,261 16 2 1 36,655 — 5, Si4 >5 1 497,59615 ,

the ift Dayh0f Apr:Pj®ife|cl by

Appendix

42 Geo. III.

Acts of Parliament the same is Created, and in respect of what Sums Raised, or Bills Funded; to far as the same can be ascertained: — Distinguishing also. The Annual Charge upon the Consolidaied Fund by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of His present Majesty; and the Annuity of £. 1 per Centum per Annum upon Capitals Redeemable or Determinable.

Append (No. 46 i° April:

Annual Interest upon Unredeemed Debt. ANNUITIES Charges of Payable to Commissioners appointed by Act 26° Geo. III. for Reduction of PUBLIC DEBT: TOTAL

on Lives, or for Terras of Years. Management upon Unredeemed Debt. Expired or Unclaimed Annuities, an*? Annual lilac, b\ Act 26 Geo. I IE INTEREST upon Capitals Redeemed. 5 £. 1 p. Cent, upon Capitals heated since the thjanuiry 1793. of ANNUAL EXPENCE.

1 9 £. «. d. £. 1. d. i f, r. a. £ * d. £. j. d. £ > d.

54, S3o 14 6 . 34,880 14 6

- 30,4"-0 1,430 6 8 31,830 6 8

- Xj,lC4. It 6 24,724 11 6

- - 7,7-6 10 — rs 12 2 - 8,152 2 2

4f7,o 10 — »cS 2 7 4,918 12 7

- 10.18 I — — 416 5 3 i°»597 5 3

8 T95 11 — 8,19; 12 —

- M--S 5 - ... 3,70; - - 12,3,g 5 —

- 15,707 10 — 7,cb7 22,466 10 —

- ib/'os 7 6 - 7,871 ‘ 17 6 - 24067 5 —

54"> — — 54°

2,518 - 231 n - . - 2,769 n —

4.401 3 — - 7*3 *5 7 . - 5,! 74 18 7

- 18,442 7 — 1 ,»53°

350,604 — — - s.M 3 5 356.5°* 3 5

564,910 10 9 - 14,012 3 2 . t57»°3» . 735*974 13

JW4* . 737 *5 6 - 18,240 — — . 58,325 15 6

3 3|0OO — — - 450 30,450

7 . 66,38* I 2^ - *»°33»107 4 >° . 6,198,040 7

% 25,000 — — 25,000 — —

- 7:4>74° 5 " 7,918 6 6> 712,668 11 6*

4*5.333 — «« 4,706 4 i*[ - - - 413.039 5 9*

- - - ! 1,000, r 00 — — ... ... l,oco, cco —

* 4 M74.'93 "I 105,615 1 4} 1,099,558 — 7 i,cS^79 4 10 . 9,771,169 J — j

>54.7*® 6 5 . 2,320 16 1 - 3*>779 *3 7; 62,500 — — 252,320 16 1

460,074 J 61,791 *3 4 6,617 4i . 76,15, — 5 *66,445 5 — 771,180 5 z\

75M* — J5,joo — — 10,896 4 9, - 106,005 19 xo 268,933 19 6 i»ii 5.815 1

i,i*J,7»9 >9 .»! 79,081 7 6 »7,3»« 7 »>{ - 143,662 10 — 424,421 19 ic 1*848,21846

1^06^41 j 9 . - - 9°56 3 7 - r 201,248 8 9 1*216,546 16 1

l,}oM47 «$ 38,615 >*,l5S 4 9l 180,837 9 — 474*935 *6 6 2,022,101 5 5;

395499 '9 - I7,ict 6 8 6,1,6 — st - 24,505 1 — 142,240 585*574 7

1}6,6|6 17 5 - 3.S49 S - 10,860 12 7 82,492 10 — 333,519 5 *

*9>®77 — > 3 >44 5 3 . 5,822 19 4 78,50° 3*7,445 3 *

i,334>'°5 * - 20,011 11 10 - 10,381 it 10 448,162 10 — 1,811,661 it 10

4»3.*4< 7 7,796 n icf 5,099 11 . - - 112,222 12 < & 548,364 *5 9i

J 3,570*56® 2 9^ 1 1,564,197 1 208,913 3 4 J; ,.°99.558 — 7(i.799.587 5 I 1*462,103 2 1 ^0,705,926 13 7

480,000 — — 19,666 13 4 7.4H 5 — 507,087 18 4

577*Sco . 8,662 to — 586,161 10 —

635,8^0 — — - . - - 9.537 15 — - . - 645,387 15 —

1,691,110 — 19,666 13 4 25,621 10 — 1,738,638 3 4

«?44* 5 7 4i87 S 1,261 9 3 ... 7,308 14; 29,862 8 . 1 126,748 i> 7

112,998 — 4,9*6 *3 4 0 *A O . 7,coi 8 — - 40,640 — — *67,306 19 2

151,564 17 1 - 2,273 9 6 - 5»935 *< 3 52,500 212,273 9 6

91,87° *7 4 1.378 1 3 . 2,329 2 i< 3 31,400 126,978 1 3

130,794 >3 »° _i ' ' 1,961 18 4 i,ci7 16: 2 43*937 *o - - *77,7* *8 4

70,6^0 5 9 j 9.79* >3 4 8, hi 5 4 2 J- - - 23,592 4 3 *98>339 *8 4 811,019 5 *°

CONDITIONS of REDEMPTION, or

PERIODS of DETERMINATION.

Expired A° 179*. Expire A° 1805. Do - A® 1S06. D» - Ad 1807.

Tot a CHARGE for

PERMANENT DEBTS of CREAT BRITAIN - -PERMANENT - - - Ditto - -

f PERM L,) NON-]

'.P '

Toul

PERMANENT DECTS of IRELAND . -

*{ - -

ANNUAL CHARGE for PUBLIC DEBT, as it flood

lit February 1802

>,705,926 13 117381638 3

22*444,564 *6 1 811,019 5 10

*3>*55>584 1 9

APPROPRIATION of the Sum of £. 13,255,584. 21. 9 <£

To the Pub'ie, for Annual Interest, and Annuities for Terms of} Years, upon Unredeemed Debt - -

To the Bank of England, South Sea Company, and Exchequer, for Charges of Management -

-ru'tiei a*e Redeem tb!e at P»r; and

T;.m of Y ' ir* w »l expire A0 l2iO,

p, Cent, or at Par.

To the Commissioners towards Redemption of Public Debt -

£ i.

'7.4-9,143 17 6J

»43>i59 *7 6'

5>S*3,i8o 7 8

i3>»55>5*4 9

Life Annuities.

/ Redeemable at Par.

"The^.3. £. 4. and £. 5 per Cent. Goi\foliaatrd Annuities are Redeemable at Par; by aA 34 Geo. 111. Cap. n. the £. c per Cent. Annuities ire not to be paid oil the Commissioners for Reducing the National Debt shall have purchased £.25,000, . of other Stock with Money applicable to Redemption of Debt then existing. Annuities for 10 Years: Expired A0 1787.

Expire - - A® 1860.

D° - - - A0 1808.

TOTAL Charge for DEBT Created prior to the Year 1793.

These Annuities, whether Perpetual, or for Terms of Years, are Redeemable by £. 1 p. Cents, severally provided for that Purpose j or the Capitals, at £. 3. £. 4. £ 5 P*r Cents, are Redeemable at Par; and the Annuities lor Terms of Years

expire A° 1860.

'Redeemable with £. 1 p. Cent, applicable thereto, or at Par, at the Expiration of T1 Years alter the £. 5 per Cent. Conlold Annuities shall have been paid «>ff; but at' Years from the End of the present War, and Ratification of the Definitive Treat Peace thereupon (at any Time within Six Months) the Proprietors are entitled to 1 their Annuities, with ail Dividends due thereon, paid off in Money, or converted £. 3 p. Cent. Confoid Annuities, at the Rate of f. 133. 6 s. 8 d. for every £.

[contribi

These Annuities, whether Perpetual, or for Terms of Years, are Redeemable by . £. 1 p. Cents, severally provided for that Purpose; or the Capitals, at £. 3. £.4.

/ £-5 P* Cent, are Redeemable at Par; and the Annuities for Term of Years will ca A° 1860.

‘The £ 3 p. Cent. Confold, £. 3 p. Cent. Reduced, £. 4 p. Cent. Confold, and nuicies for Terms of Years, are Redeemable as above; and the £ 5 p. Cent. Anni are added to £. 5 p. Cent. Annuities created A® 1797, and arc lubjcf* to the Terms of Redemption.

TOTAL Charge for Permanent DEBT of GREAT BRI TAIN.

iThefe Annuities are not considered as a Permanent Addition to the Public Debt, b charged upon Monies arising by several Asti of Parliament for granting certain Di upon Income.

TOTAL Charge for Non-Permanent DEBTS of GREAT B RITAIN.

I These Annuities have been created by several Loans raised for the Service of Ireland, provided for by that Government, and whether Perpetual, or for Terms of Years, Redeemable by the £. 1 p. Cents, severally provided for that Purpose 5 or the Cap fuodCd in the £. 3 and £.4 p. Cent. Annuities, are Redeemable at Par; and Annuities for Terms of Years will expire A° 1860.

TOTAL Charge for DEBTS Created fioc the Service of I R ELAND.

JYo/e. — Besides the Sum of £. 5,583,18c. 7 r. 8 d. Annually payable to the Cc3 missioners lor the Reduction of the Public Debr, they usually recei out of the Public Supplies an Annual Grant of £ 200.000 j and also, t Life Annuities at the Exchequer, unclaimed for Three Years, which n< amount to £.26,149. 16s. 4d. making in the Whole this Year t Sum of.....- - - - - ,£ 5»8c9>33°- 4'*

Jatr.es Fisher.

Appendix,

(No. 46.)

1* Apvilii,

CBiiMuiJ.

An ACCOUNT of the Prog refs mide in the REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great BntTAiw,

Period; and specif\ing, as to the Debt prior to the 5th January 1793, how much thereof has been Redeemed by the Commifli mc.» for

applicable to the Reduction thereof; with the like Particulars as to the Debt Created finee the 5th January 1793: Ani speci'ving

by reason of Llhd Tax Redeemed prior to the Lid ift February 1802; and what further Annuities will tall in, and become applicable to

FUNDS.

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities Reduced - - . D*

Old South Sea Annuities New - - - D°

£.3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 -

ics - |

Consolidated £.4 per Cent. Annuities D° - - - £.5 per Cent. D*

£. 3 per Cent. Annuities, A0 1726 -D* - Bank Annuities - -

Old Permanent Debt - £

Transferred to the Commissioners, by reason of Land Tax Redeemed, at ift February 180a -

Debt Existing at ift 1 February 180a £.}

Permanent Debts of Great Britain Created between 5th January 1793 and 5th January 1802 -

Permanent Debts Created between jth January 1797 and 5th January 1802, by Loans raised for the Service of Ireland, and payable in Great Britain - -

c

Non Permanent Debts of Great Britain Created between 5th January 1798 and 5th January 1801, charged on the Duties upon Income

CAPITALS.

£. i. d. *07,399,696 5 *i

4*,540,073 *6 4 24,065,084 13 *| 1,919,600 — —

32,750,000 — —

17,869,993 910

1,000,000 — — 11,686,800 — —

*3*»*3'»*48 5 2j

18,001,148 j 5

220,230,099 19 9!

24^81,355 1 3

19,708,750 — —

481,920,205 1 -i

56,445,000 — —

538,365,205 1 — i

DEBT of GREAT BRITAIN,

Created prior to 5th January 1793.

Redeemed by the Old Sinking Fund, brrween lit August 1786 and ift February l8oz.

TOTAL

SUMS

Paid.

*8,5*3,365

>4.337*343!

5,234,400

608.OOOO

£ d

20,903,161 17 2i

3*826,148 10 6 456,467 7 6

38,693,308 25,185,777 1J 2\

1,192,000

1,011,111 5 —

39,885,308 ]26,196,889 — l\

Average Price of Stocks.

63 i

73 i

75 i

84 i

SUMS

Annually applicable to the Reduction of the PUBLIC DERT,

Created belor- jih January 1793.*

Annual Charge R -Usual Grant -

Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, 1 expired - - - - 3

Unclaimed and Expired\Ann* -Short Ann* 1777 - -

Dividend on £.38,693,308

£ 3 ?« Cent

Annuities J lend on

.1,192,000. -

.4 perCent. Annuities - J

Dividend on

A ,000,000

/. d.

200,000 -- —

54.SS0

4S-827

25,000

14 6 2 6

1,160,79$ 4 9

47,680 — —

534>i87 1 9

AW. — Of ihe Sum of £.481,920,205. 1/. — \d. the Sum of £ 78,376,459. has been already Redeemed; and the Whole is in a Course of gradual Liquidrtion; and is therefore, strictly speaking, not Permanent, but to be considered as an Annuity decreasing Annually, until the Number of Years are completed in which the same will be reduced, which Period will vary according to the Price of the Public Funds.

Exchequer, 1

the ift Day of April 1802. 3

J times Fij/ier.

to the 1 ft February 1802 Distinguirtiing the Capitals of the several Funds Existing prior to the 5th January 1793, from those Created Cnee that the Redaction of the National Debt Cnee the lft of July 1786; and at what Average Price of the Stocks; and* for what Sums of Money; and what Sums are also, the Amount of the Cjipiial of the said Debt provided for by the Government of Ireland; the Amount of the Capital transferred to the Commissioners the Reduction of the National Debt.

Appendix:,

(No. 46.)

1° April,

continued.

DEBTS of GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND, payable in GREAT BRITAIN, Created since 5th January 1793.

F U N D S. CAPITALS.

Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities £. 169,395.486 19 4

Reduced - - - D® - -- 42,711,487 to —

Consolidated £4 per Cent. Annuities 16,975.084 17 2

D® - - - £. 5 per Cent. D° - - *0,255,589 9 9

£. c per Cent. Annuities, Created 1 Annis 1797 and 1802 - - - J 22,352,41:6 s —

New Permanent Debt - £. 261,690.105 i 3

Redeemed by the New Sinking Fund - -D* - - - Old Sinking Fund - -

Total Redeemed - - £.

Redferr.ed by the New Sinking Fund.

9,936,635]

10.553.368

20,490/303

39.885,308

60,375.311

| Transferred to the Commissionersby Land Tax Redeemed 18*001,148

Debt Reduced at id February 180a - £.

78.376.459

TOTAL

SUMS

Paid.

£ ' d.

11,913,906 6 io|

Average

Price of Stocks.

58 i

SUMS Annnally applicable to the Redufti n of the PUBLIC DEBT, Created fi.-ce 5th January 1793.

c

c

CJ

ce

l.

U

o, /

CO /

u \

c

o

c

U

mm

sj

>793

‘794

*795

1796

p»

*797

D°

1798

>799

D®

1800

1801

1802

Dividend on

£.20,490,003 f. 3 per Cent Annuities on 1

003 I

New Sinking Fund OlA - - D» -

Total Sinking Fund - - £.

62,500 --

166,445 5

268,933 19 3*3>SS8 14 110,863 5

4i7>376 *3 288,670 — 182,880 — 56,242 10 78,750 — 109,900 — 492,100 — 112,222 12

d.

*.660,443 — s 614,700 1 10

J*7f.«4J 3

*534>»87 1 9

5.809.330 4 ~

ANNUITIES that will hereafter fall in, and become applicable to the Redu&ica of the National Debt.

----- ---1

/. dm

Exchequer Annuities, 2, 3,4 ( Anne, expire J

A° 1805 - -J

D°, 5 Anne, expire A01806

D°, 6 Anne, ex- ‘ pireA°1807

Bank Long An-1 nuities, expire > A° 1860 -

Bank Short An-T nuities, Annis I 1778 & 1779,r expire A°i 808 J

53,654 11 6

7,776 10 — 14,891 10 —

704.740 5 — 4*8.333 — *

IMPERIAL ANNUITIES.

FUND. 1 CAPITAL Redeemed. Total Sum Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUM Annually applicable to the Reduction of Deb^ Created A® 1797.

£3 per Cent. Annuities A° 1797 - £. 1. d. 3,669,300 — — £ 303,727 £ ' d. 171,820 13 II 55 I c 1 p*r Cent, on J Capital, Created > Anno 1797 - -3 Dividend on 1 £.308,727.21 £.3 s. per Cent. - -3 £. 2. J. 36,693 — —

9,261 l6 2

Total Sinking Fund - - - - £. 45.954 *6 2

Office for R'-doftion of National Debt, 1 the ill Day of April 1802. 3

Henry Hodgson.

Vol. 57.

10 E

Appendix.

1802.

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

a* Jprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Great Brit ai n, for the Year endei the 5th Diy of Fund, as it flood on the 5th of January 1802 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793; and also the Income derived from the Duties impoied in each subsequent Year; Created in each of the said Years.

1 N C O M E.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducting . 16.676. g. by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to

Account o Duties pro 17^6, being the computed Annual Saving to the Pu lie on Account of Rcc|u£tion the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar - - -.....

QUARANTINE DUTY.....-....

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES - ....

Brought to this 5 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper, A0 1794, in Lieu of Duties then

Account- _ . repealed, at /\ 75,000 per Annum -

C By - - - " Cap. 33. out of D° on Spirit Licences, A0 1794, at £. 36,000 per Annum

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES - ....

Com po fit ion for Stamps per Bank - - -....

Sy Act 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A® 1793,

in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at jT. 128,600 per Annum -By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of D° on Hats, A° 1796, in Lieu of I;at

£‘ 9479 ,l* per Annum

By D°.....Cap. 52. out of D° on Legacies, A1 1796, in Litu of D°, at

O 41.079 per D° -

By D° - - Cap. 19. out of D® on Deeds, A® 1797, in Lieu of D®, at

£' 156,605 per Du -

Brought to this Account:

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duties on Sugar, now Annually granted Surplus of Duty on Tobacco ----- - - D*

D°.....Malt - -- -- - D®

R|servbd

Rcsirvxd - <

INCIDENTS:

By Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1795, at £- 410,556 per Annum Out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 374,220 per Annum, by Act 39 Geo. III. Cap. 65. ——

From Duties Consolidated by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 A: 41, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, out of

Houses and Windows, A® 1798, at £. 327,900 per Annum D° - - on Account of Commutation Duty, at /. 515,000 D® Inhabited Houses - - A° 1798, - - - - at 138,600 D3

Male Servants - - - A° 1798, - - - - at £. 93,coo D®

Riding Horses - - - A® 1798, - - - - at £. 106,000 D®

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, A® 1798, at £.200,000 D°

Seizures ——

Profers ——

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty -6 d, per Lib. on Pensions -I /. - D® - on Salaries -Hawkers and pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, A° 1711 and 1784 Land Tax on Pensions and Personal Estates Rent of a Lighthouse -Lottery Licences - .

Rent of Alum Mines -

First Fruits of the Clergy -

Tenths - - of - - Ditto -

Arrears

Waggons Female Servants

4s. Aid, A° 1799

- — - - 1800

- ----- ----- 1801

63d -

(34th-

65the

Arrears of 44th - - 4/

.....56th -

.....57th. - .

.....58th -

.....5')<h -

- - " 60th ----- - 61 ft - ----- - 62d -

.....Duty on Malt

.....D° -

.....D° -

Aid,

1780

1792

1793 1794 *795 >796

1797

1798 1796

*797

1798

Money Reserved for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to Act 30 Geo. III.

Carried forward -

- L-

jr. j.

1,286,633 7 —

3C0 — 4 5.67 9:9°8 ——

75.000 -

500 ——

1*070,990 19 8

12.000 ——

128,600 — —

9 479 11 -

41,079 ——

156,605 -

8,441,095 t3 —

258.443 2 6j-76,[8l 4 I,

265,258 ——

9.040,978 4 8j

410,556 ——

374,220 ——

327,9ro ——

515 000 — -- —

148.600 — — 93 oco — —

106.000 — — ' 204.83515 i|

72,064 5 2* 617 — 4 — 10 — 3,1,9 18 8

43 297 — ", 32.6c6 S

4 3°4 ——

24 379 14 4

S 2,800 — — '

6 13 4

260 7 4 960 —

2 11 3

192,67 6 18 8-2.403 — ~~ 281,250 —

2>3*S

6i

30,192 9

~S° ~

250 — — 426 — —

24,3*4 ‘3

12,859,606 9 4*

January 1802; and also of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the Future Annual Charge upon the said Management of Stock purchased by the Commit oners for the Reduction of the National Debt); distingoishing the Income applicable to the together with the Charge Created in each corresponding Year; and in respect of what $vu$ Raised, or Bills Funded, such Charge was

Appendix,

(No. 47 )

2* Aprilis.

CHARGE.

E X C H E Q.U E R:

i-

Annuities for Long Terms, £, 14 per Cent.

2.7th! Excise . 3.700 per Week

1706

1707 -Per ill Att - - 1708

- sd Act - - 1708

- 2 and 3 Lives -

A* 1715 -

I74

- 1757 -

- 1778 -

- - - - 1779.

with benefit of Survivorship, A*

766

789,

and Management

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

On their prefrnt Capital of'£. 24.065,084. 13. 11 J. at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY: Annuities on £. 1,919,600, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum -

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their Capital of £. 4,000.000, purchased of the South Sea Compaay; with the Charges of Management - - - I *

for cancelling Exchequer Bills granted A* 1714 ..

Annuities on ---1719

- - 1743, with Charges of Management

- - - 1746 ..

at

)£-3 percent, per Annum.

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuities on £. 97,156,985. 8. 5 J. the present Capital of £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management....

- - D» - on £.33.78. ,636. 7. 7. the present Capital of £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities;

with D® -

- D® - on £. 1 *oooo, Goo, at £. 3 per Cent granted A® 1726; with D° -

- - I)J - on £. 17.S69 ^93. 9. 10. Consolidated £.5 per Cent. Annuities; with D° -

- I) ' - on £. 32,750,000. - - D° - £.4 perCcnt. - D° - with D® -

- - D° - for 99, 98, 80, 78, 77, 75 i, and 69 J Years, granted Annis 1761, 1762, 1780,

1782, 1783, 1784, and 1790; with D® -

- - !> - for 10 Years, granted A° 1777 ——

- D® for 30 and 29 Years, g,anted 1778 and 1779, an<* for i&J Years, A® 1790, in

Li u of Life Annuities at the Exchequer, A® 1789; with Charges of Management ——

Tor the Support of Majesty's Household -

Edwaid K belts, tfquire. Chief Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £.650 per Annum, formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for Salaries to the Of?:cers of the Exchequer Bdl Office, but now payable to him by Ad 23 Geo. ill. -The Judges of England and Wales, in Augmentation of their Salaries

His Koval Highneu the Duke of Gloucester -Him more.

Hiv Koval Hicjhrefs the Duke of York

Her Royal Uiqhness the Ducliefs of York His Royal IliphneL the Duke of Clarence P % epreier.tatiscs of Arthur Onslow, Esquire 1'ail of Chatham ..

L rd Rodney.

I.oid Heathtield -Lndv Dorchester.

Marquis of Bute ..

on his Annuity on D° on D°

on her Annuity on his Annuity on DJ on I}° -on D® -on D° -

on her Annuity on his Annuity

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund io the Year ended 5th January 1802.

2

12

6

48,513 ' 6,365 31,830

24.7*+

8,15* .4,918 12

10,597 s

8,195 12 12,3*8 S 22,466 10

/. d.

6

*4567 _

2,76913

5»l74 >8

540 —

4M5*

5 ~

1 —

735-974 13 >«

58,335 i9 —

1*1,898 3 5

IJ.OOOO ---- —

37»5°° ——

52,500 ——

icO.oooo — — 29,604 — —

Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, a* it flood on the 5th January 1802.

d.

2

12

6

8 6 2

i» 7

5 3

12 —

5 —

48,515 6,365 a1,830 24,7*4 11 8.152 *

*.9«®

10,597

8,195 12,318 22.466 10 —

*4.567 5 — 2,769 13 — 5,174 18 7

540 ——

44,452 1 —

735.974 >3 11

58,333 1 9

121,898 3 5

15,000 ——

37.500 ——

52.500 — -

100,000 — — *

29,604 — —

2 954,863 1 Ilf *.948.335 3 8j

1*035,032 10 4 1,027,682 1 — 1

30,450 30,450

90*»54i 3 . 5i 901,541 3 St

i>324*5°9 7 — 1,324,509 7 —

712,668 11 6§ 712,668 n 6£

25,000 — — 25,000

423*°39 5 9l 4*3.039 5 9l

898,000 898,000 — —

650 650 —

,3.050 I3,050 —

8,000 8,000 — —

9,000 — — 9,000 — —

14,000 14,000 — —

4,000 4,000 — —

I 2,coo — — < 12,000 — —

3,000 — — 3,000

4,000 — — 4,000

2,000 — 2,000 — —

1,500 1,500 — —

1,000 1,000 — —

7,000 7,000 —

Carried forward -£{ 9>79°>7°4 12 8

Notf:

9*776*823 8 iof

The Capital Stock of £. 3 pe* Cent. Confold Annuities was heretofore £. 107,399,606. 5. 1 but is reduced as above by reason of £. 10.242,710. 16. 8. transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of Land Tax Redeemed before the ift of February 1801; and the Capital of £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities was £.41,540,073. 16. 4. but is now reduced as above by £.7,758,437. 8. 9. transferred in like Manner before ill February 1801; on which Capital so transferred the Interest and Management ceases to be paid.

VOL.

or

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

2° Aprilis,

cent i mud.

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

I N C* O M E — continued.

IvJp

Brought forward - - £.

Money paid by Brook Watson, Esquire, on Account of Com sold by Claude Scott, Esquire -

Charles Litchfield, Esquire, in Part of a Penalty of a Bond ——

Claude Scott, Esquire, on Account of Com fold for the Service of Government -Edward Roberts, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, being Residue of Exchequer Fees Matthew Mitchell, Esquire, on Account of John Clvmar, in Part of a Penalty of a Bond ----- - on Account of Solomon Allen, for D°

----- - on Account of William Simmons - - D° -

E. J. Longley, Esquire, for Confcier.ce Sake ——

William Orcher Huddlrftone, Esquire, on Account of Stoppages for Provisions from the Detachment of Royal Artillery when at Newfoundland ——

Richard Putt, in Part of a Penalty of a Bond ——

Stephen Stocks and William Daniel, for Ditto - -

George Watts, Esquire, late Receiver General for the Island of Mmia* - -

Money repaid by John Stewart, Esquire, Purveyor cf Hospitnls at Barbados, St. Lucia, and Antigua -- Harry Harmood, Esquire, on Account of the Right Honourable Isaac Barre, late Treasurer of the Navy, and interest on the same -

- - Major General Fox, Administrator of the late Lord Holland, Paymaster of the Forces

- - Brook Watson, Esquire, Commissary General ——

- Lord Minto, Representative of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bart, formerly Treasurer of the Chamber, and interest on the same ——

- - Lieut. Col. A. S. De Peyfter* Commanding Officer of the Upper Polls in Canada -

- - J. Chalmers, Esquire, Executor of Lidy Greenwich, Administratrix to the Right Honourable

Charles.Townshend, late Treasurer of the Chamber ——

- Sir Francis Baring, Executor of John Wigglesworth, Esquire, late CommilTary General at

St. Domingo....

- George Young, Surgeon to the Hospital at St. Vincent's - - . - - .

- - Robert Bill'er, Esquire, late CommilTary General for the Home Department -

- - Major General Myer$> on Account of Brigadier General Symes> late Quarter Master

General at the Leeward I Hands.

- - William Merry, Contractor for supplying the Garrison of Gibraltar with Fuel

- William Henry Robinson, CommilTary of the Forces under Sir James Pulter.ey

- John Boddington, Administrator of William Boddington, late Assistant CommilTary General

at St. Domingo - - -; -

- William Willoughby Prescott, Esquire, on Account of Kender Mason, late Contractor for

East Florida ——

- - James Chalmers, Esquire, Executor of Lady Greenwich, Administratrix of the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, late Paymaster of the Forces, and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital ——

- Earl of Dunmore, Governor of Virginia ——

TOTAL INCOME of CONSOLIDATED FUND, applicable towards,) f paying the CHARGE existing prior to the Year 1793 - - - \

j. d.

12,859,60 6 9 4i

7,0^0 — —

482 — —

25,000 — —

34.766 17 11

2 5 —

2 2 —

2 — —

37 — —

too —

3 — —

*3° 10 —

2,500 —

123 18 2

1 *9 7i

24,689 11 —

3.102 6 8

73° 16 H

*1178 16 6

4.67416 —

20,000 — _

34* 12 —

446 1 Hi

829 1 61

2,050 — —

500 — —

3,300 — —

3 6

622 13 8

386 18 3l

i* 997,*91 1 I0|

DUTIES pro A° 1793:

British Spirits ^91 Game Duty -

Surplus of Duty on Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average Produce of that Duty prior to 1793. as

aforesaid

Refer ved out of Duties Consolidated by Acts 1798, Cap. 40 and 41, in Lieu of Duty of £. to per Cent, then repealed

DUTIES pro A# 1794:

Foreign Spirits, A° 1791 ——

British - D° - - 1794. ——

Foreign D° ——

Surplus of Duty on Paper, Excise, A° 1794, after reserving the Average Produce of that Duty as aforesaid Ditto - - Duty on Spirit Licences, - 1794, after - - - D° - - - Da -

Paper (Customs) ——

Glat's ——

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) ——

- - D° - - (Excise).....-

Slate* and Stones ——

Attornies Articles ——

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duties on Sugar, after discharging Exchequer Bills -

DUTIES pro A0 1795:

British Spirits - -- - .

Foreign D° ——

Wines ——

Sweets ——

Cocoa -

Stamps ——

Ship Policies ——

Hair Powder Certificates ——

Receipts ——

Fruits ——

Coals ——

lea ——

Spirit Licences ——

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, b.'ing the computed Annual Increase of Revenue, by reason of the RcllricVion in Franking, by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18.

c

5 3 »9'6 -

23>33 J 3 8

107,466 I 3

95*79° ——

280,517 4 11

204,506 — —

53,510 ——

214,619 ——

1,728 9 9

49*37 -

486

64,159 -

15195 *3 St

22,722 5 3

742,085 16

55,879 IL

9*

798,865 8 g\

49,122 — 216.8-4 — 526,0^6 — 8.985 —

22,80 t —

34,806 ---

166,939 74.8^9 8,550 68,856 i6,cu 5

239*4*7 2,000

9

11

5

10

3

4

40,000 — —

1,476,190 9 6|

Appendix

841

42 Geo. III.

for the Year ended 5th January 1802 — continued.

C H A R G JL^continued*

Brought forward on his Annuity

- cv) D# -

- on D° -

- on D" -

- on D° - on D* -

Philip Prare* Esquire ——

John Thomas Batt, F.fqcirc, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts

Ream'd Pole Carcw, Esquire, another - -

Sir C. W. K. Bouglnon I> -

Sir John Dick D® - -

John \Jat tin Leake, F.squire - D* -

Salaries to Clerks, and Contingencies, in the Office of said Commissioners -J t.n Penn, Esquire - - - - on his Annuity -

Richard Per.n. F.'quire - - - on D®

Charles Duke of Richmond, on his Annuity (granted in Lieu of a Duty upon Coats) by Ait *9 Gc o. III. Cap. 84.

I iie Maiter of His Majesty's Mint in England ....

D'Uo ..... - in Scotland ——

hor tl e F«'courfgemert of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland I ac Sheriff* of i\ng land and Wales - -

T:ie C ommnVners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, by Act 26 Geo. III. -The Keeper of the Hanaper in Chancery ... ——

INCIDENTAL EXPENCES:

To the Right Horourable Henry Addington, late Speaker of the House of Commons, to C» niT'ie'e tm Annuity oi £. 0,000 -

To sir Jrl.n M.tlor I. Speakrr ot Ditto, to complete the like Annuity -William Baldwin, Esquire, Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, established pursuant to Act 32 Geo. Hi. to pay the Salaries of Clerks, and of the said Offices iGtri.k C<!qahoun, Eiqcire, Receiver of the Thames Police Office, established pursuant to

Act of Pad ament..... -

The Chief Culler of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Fees of varicur Natures at the Treasury, Exchequer, and other Offices, in relation to his Accounts of the fe\ cral Bank Annuities ——

Gee rge Atv.ood, Esquire, Inspeelor of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of an Act 30 Geo. III....

Total Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, for Debt existing prior to 1 ~

the Year 1793 - - - - J

DEBT incurred in respect of £.4,500,000, raised A° 1793:

Annuities on /.^,2;\oooo. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Caarges of Management ——

Annuities at £. 1 per Cent, on Capitals funded fmee 5th Jauunry 1793, payable to the Commuiioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1793 - - £.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 11,000.000, raised A 1794, and by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before ill March 1793. and Funded:

Annuities on £. 11,00c,coo, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Charges of Management....

Annuities on £.2,730,000, at £.4 per Cent, added to £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management ——

Annuities for 66 \ Years, at 11 j. 5^. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Annuities;

with Cl ages of Management ——

Annuities on £. 1 9:6,325. 12. 5. at £. q per Cent, added to £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account ol Navy Bills, &c. cancelled; with Charges of Management

Annuities at £. 1 per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt....

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1794 £.

DEBT incurred in resprft of £. 18.000,000, raised Aa 1793, ar,d by reason of Navy and Victualling Bilis, made out before 30th September 1793* being Funded:

Annuities on £. 18.000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Charge* of Management ——

Annuities on £.6,oooo, oco, a: £. 4 per Cent, added to £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Charges of Management ——

Annuities for 63 £ Yean, at 9;. 64. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management ——

Annuities on £.1.609897. 17. 1. at £.5 perCent. added to £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account or Navy Bills, Scc. cancelled; with Charges of Management ——

Annuities at £. 1 per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt....

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1795 - £.

Vol. 57. 10 F

Actual Payment out off the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1802.

£ ' 9,790,704 12 8

300 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1,000 — -

500 — — 500 — —

6.000 -

3.000 — —

1.000 — —

17,41$ 13 4

i=.3?o ——

1,200 -

6.335 *5 "*

4.000 — — 1,000,000 — —

2,920 2 6

190 7 1

1,641 16 4

Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it [food on the 5th January 1802.

12,151 13

7>522 7

853 2 6

75° ——

10,870,336 12 9

/ Uncertain

190,312 icr 62 500 —

252,812 10 — *

334*95° ——

111,237 io —

63,498 1 si

97>*93 4 4

166,445 5 —

773>324 —

190,312 IO

62,500 —

252,812 IO —

Appendix*

(No. 47.)

1*Aprilis, com/in tad.

£m /. dm

9,776,823 8 io}

300 — — <

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — — 500 — — 500 — —

6.000 — —

3.000 — —

1.000 — —

12,666 13 4 13,800 — — 1,200 — —

6.335 *5 ~

4.000 — — 1,000,000 — —

Uncertain

10,829,125 17

334,950 ——

111,237 10 —

63.498 1 5l

97.193 4 4 >66,445 5 "

773.3H " 9\

548,100 — T-242,700 — — 86,461 17 6

81,219 6 11

268.933 19 6

548,100 — — 242,700 — — 86461 17 6

81,219 11

268,933 19 6

1,227,415 3 >> i.*7»4'5 3 >>

Appendix, (No. 47-)

2* Apr

continued.

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

I N C O M E — continued.

DUTIES pro A0 1796:

Tobacco ——

Ho.-fe Dealers Licences ——

V/ine (Colons) ——

Ditto (Excite) ——

Sweets ——

Surplus of Duty on Legacies, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -- - of Hats - - - D° - - - - 1> - - - '

Reserved by Acts 38 Geo. ill. Cap. 40/ Sc 41. out of - -

Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Riding, Stc. in Lieu of Duty on Horses, A0 1796, then repealed, at £. 106,coo per Annum -

- - Du - - on Horses for Husbandry, in lieu of 2/. Dufy on Husbandry Horses

1796, then repealed, at £.95,000 per Annum - -

- - D3 - - on Dogs, in Lieu of Duty on Dogs, A° 1796, then repealed, at

£. 70,000 per Annum ——

Duties Consolidated A0 1798, in Lieu of Duty of £. 10 per Cent. A° 1796, then repealed, at £.80,190 per Annum - -

Computed Saving by a Reduction in the Allowance for Wade on Salt -

Taken out of Contolldated Customs, being the computed Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar ——

DUTIES pro A0 i 7 9 7:

Pepper -Wrought Plate British Spirits Foreign D*

Auctii

Deeds, after reserving the Average Annual Produce as aforesaid Cocoa -

Clocks and Watches (Arrears) -

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar

Bricks....

Tea -

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17,) ——

i> - - - - 102.) ——

£.20 on Aflefied Taxes (Arrears) ——

Surplus of Duty on Horses for Riding, See. Consolidated by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. after reserving the Sums to be

set apart -

D° - - - - D°....

D° - - - - D°.....-

D® - - - - D®.....-

D° - - - - D° - -,

D® - . - - D® - - ....

D° - - - - D® ....

D° - . - - - D°....

Horses for Hu (band ry - -

Houses and Windows - -

Inhabited Houses

Male Servants ——

Consol. Letter Money - -

Dogs ——

Four and Two-wheeled Carriages -

Reserved by Act 41 Geo. 111. Cap. 7. out of Consolidated Letter Money, at £.198,408 per Ann.

Proportionate Part of Surplus Duty on Sugar, A0 1799 ——

Money paid by MeiTrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Intereil, &c« on Account of £. 1,500,000 (Part of Loan of £. 14,500,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144.

DUTIES pro A° 1798:

£ d

175,002 — —

14 6

506,056 13 6 1,000 — — 9.281 — — 68,321 II 3 24,952 14 3

106,000 — —

95,000 ——

73.76019 3i

84.959 6 j

32, OCO -

Ico.oco 16 6i

,277,220 1:

II

96634 — 10 — 18 —

52,7,-4 -

2154^9 8

77,653 ——

592.714 4 n 6,c6i M23 54,32*

72,000 3 9

35,028 ——

285,141 — —

5,500 ——

500 — —

2 7

1 3

4 2

5 6

90,857 1 ni

164.878 4 10J 45448$ 12 i{ 38,601 2 9

64,215 12 6| 85.361 — 1,712 2 7\ 8,139 II 61 148,806 ——

Armorial Bearings - -- - . - .

Tea -....

Spirit licences ——

Surplus of Duty on Salt, after reserving the Sum directed to be set apart by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89.

Money paid by Media. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, See. on Account of £. 2,000,000 (Part of Loan of £.17,000,000) advanced to the Government of Ireland by Act 38 Geo. 111. Cap. 90. - -

2,557,444 16 2 52>3S7 Si 126.774 16 4

2,736,606 I4 III

4»!S4 5

140.849 — — 11,500 — —

436.850 18 9

Brought to this

i^CCOUp* TTT V Out of Duties on Income by Act 39 Geo.JIL f

Cap. 3. J

593.354 4 8 167,340 7 5 507,087 18 4

1,267.782 18 5

for the Vcar ended 51b January 1S02 — continued.

C H A R G E — continued.

D E B T incurred in respect of /. iS.oooo.oooo, and /.7,500,000, raised A0 1796, and by reason ct Na^y Bills, Ac. made out before the 30th September 1795; being funded:

Annuities on/. 21,505.800, at /. 3 per Cent, added to £.3 perCent.

ConohJatrd Annuities; with Charges of Management - -

Annuities on /. 4,500.000, at /. 3 per Cent, added to /. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with Ditto ——

Annuities for 64} Years, at 6 /. 6 d. perCent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities; with Ditto -"Annuities on /.8,034,20c, at /. 3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annu.ties; with Charges of Management - -

Annuities on /. 1,859,625, at /. 3 per Cent, added to /. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with Ditto ——

Annuities for 63} Years, at 5/. 6d. perCent. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities; with Ditto -Annuities on £ 441^,074. 4/. 6 d. at /. 5 perCent. added to £. 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account of Navy BilN, &c. cancelled -Ditto - at £. 1 per Cent, on t'.sc above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Br

io/_ot>,cco,

raised

B\*

/ 7,; O';,coo, rail, d

A° 171/1:

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1796 - £

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 14.500,000, and £. 18,000,000, raised A0 1797; and by rcalbn of Navy and Exchequer Bills being funded:

Annuities on /. 18,125,000, at £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management- ——

Annuities on £. 7,250,000, at /. 3 per Cent, added to £.1 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with Ditto ——

Annuities on £. 2,900,000, at /. 4 per Cent, added to £. 4 per Cent. Con-lolidated Annuities; with Ditto - -

Annuities for 62 i Years, at 6j. perCent. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities; with Ditto ——

Annuities on/. 16,438,175. 5. at £.3 perCent. added to /. 3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded; with Charges of Management -Annuities on /. 765.427. 11. 6. at £.\ per Cent, added to £.4 perCent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded; with Ditto ——

Annuities on/ 2,034,889. 11. 1. at /. 5 per Cent, added to/. 5 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills _ funded; with Ditto ——

Annuities on /. 1,999,699. 4. 4. at /. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded; with Charges of Management -Annuities on/. 104,432. 5. 8. at £.4. perCent. added to/. 4 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded; with Ditto ——

Annuities on /. 270,202. 4. 8. at £. 5 per Cent, added to £. 5 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer B'lls funded; with Ditto ——

/. i$,coooo:o, I Annuities on/. 20,124,845. 15. at/.5 per Cent, with Charges of Ma raised nagement - „

A» 1797: J

Annuities at JT. I pel Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Comm':ffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

Bv

/. 14,500.000, created

By

X ivy Bills EwiideJ:

By 1

Exchequer Bil's { b unded:

Bv

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1797 DEBT incurred in respect of /. 17,000,000, raised A° 1798:

A<ftml Payment oat «of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January i8ca.

Furure . Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1802.

£ S. do £ do

657,592 2 2 657,59* 2 2

*37.025 — — *37.0*5 — —

59*5® 2 6 59.*5® 2 6

272,046 7 9 i 2 72,046 7 9l

56,62 5 II 7 56,625 11 7

20,8l3 18 6 20,813 18 6

222,69 > — iof 2 22,690 — ioi

424421 19 10 424,4* 1 l9 10

*®5°»373 3 3 *850.373 3 3

551,906 5 — 551,906 5 —

220,762 10 220,76210 —

117*305 117.305 —

43>989 7 6 43-9®9 7 6

500,542 8 S{ 500,542 8 SI

30,961 10 10 30,961 10 10

102,660 3 6 102,660 3 6

60,890 16 9! 60,890 16 9!

4.2*4 5 ®f 4,224 5 85

13,631 14 — 13,63114 —

1,015,298 7 4 1,015,298 7 4

706,046 13 7 706,04613 7

By

/. 9,000,000, Part of /. 17,000.000, raised A° 1798:

Annuities on /. 1 3,500,000, at /. 3 per Cent, added to /.3 perCent.

Consolidated Annuities (in respect of /.9 000,000, Part of /. 17,000,000); with Charges of Management -Annuities on /. 4,500,000, at /. 3 per Cent, added to /. 3 per Cent. J Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said /.q.oooo);

' with Ditto ——

Annuities for 61 J Years, at 4/. 11 d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bark Annuities; with Ditto -Annuities at /. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

f~ Annuities on /. 12,000,000, at /. 3 perCent. added to /. 3 perCent f 8 ^00 c~o I Consolidated Annuities (in respect of /. 8,oooo, coo, Remainder

Part of 9,) of £' I7»oooo.oooo); with Charges of Management

\ Annuities on/. 4,000,000, at/. 3 perCent. adJed to/-3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said /. 8,coo,000); with Ditto -Annuities for 61 J Years, at 4/. 11 d. per Cent, added to Long Consoli dated Bank Annuities; with Ditto -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1798 - .

/. 17,000.700, raised A* 1798:

3*368,219 2 w\

3 368,219 2 llf

411,075 ——

l37>°*$ ——

22»3 73 18 *r 182,880 — _

753,353 18 ii

365,400 — — 121,800 — —

19*887 18 4

1*260,441 16

si

411,075 ——

37><»5 ——

22,373 18 it

182,880 --- -- ,

7S3.3S3 »8 *£

365,400 ——

121,800 ——

19,887 l8 4

Appendix, (No. 47-) 2* Aprilis,

continued*

1,260,441 16 si

Appendix

844

4. 180a.

lor the Year ended $ih January

80 2 — conti nuid.

C H A R G E — continual.

DEBT incurred in respect of £ 3,000,000, and £ 15,500,00©, raised A0 1799:

f Annuities on £ 3,000,000, at £ 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Con-g I solidated Annuities; with Charges of Management

r to/ Annuities on £2,624,250, at £3 perCent. added to £.3 perCent. raised*,) Reduced Annuities; with Ditto ——

Annuities at £ 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commis-L sioners for the Reduction of the Nauonal Debt -

/ Br

£. 4.500,000,

Part of /.I5.50D,000, raised A° 1799:

r Annuities on £ 5,625,000, at £3 per Cent, added to £3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in respect of £4,500,000 (Part of

/. 15,500,000); with Charges of Management -

2,2co.oco, at £ 3 per Cent, added to £ 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, in respect of the said £4,500,000; with

Ditto.....-

Annuities at £ 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

By

£- 11.000(000.

Part of / £ 15.500,000, raised A* 1799: I

Annuities on £13,750,000. at £3 perCent. added to £ 3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annul ties (in respect of £11,000,000, Remainder of the said £15,500,000); with Charges of Management ——

Annuities on £.5,500,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £11,000,000); with Ditto ——

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1799 - £ DEBT incurred in respect of £ 20,500,000, raised A0 1800:

By f Annuities on £.7,700,000, at £3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent.

£7,000,000, I Consolidated Annuiiies 5 with Charges of Management

Part of /

£ *0,500,000. |

Annuities on £ 3 290,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities; with Ditto

raised A« 1 ftno- I Annuities at £1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commis-i sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

£. 1 j.foo.oooo, fAnnttide» 0" £ at .4-3 P«C«t. added to £3 perCent.'

Part of J Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management

£ *0,500,000, I Annuities on £6,34^,000, at £.3 per Cent, added to £ 3 per Cent, raised A° 1800: [ Reduced Annuities; with Ditto -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1800 - £

DEBT incurred in respect of £ 28,000,000, raised A0 1801:

Annuities on £35,000,000, at £ 3 perCent. added to £ 3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management -

Annuities on £ 14,210000, at £3 per Cent, added to £.3 perCent. Reduced Annuities;

with Ditto ——

Annuities at £. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1801 - £.

DEBT incurred in respect of Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of Several Acts ' 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 102. and Cap. 104; and of 41 Geo. III. Cap. 81. and Cap. 82; with £50 per Cent, subscribed thereon, pursuant to Ad 4a Geo. III.

Cap. 8. being funded;

Annuities on £ 2,227,612. 10. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; v» itli Charges of Management ——

Annuities on £ 2.227 61 2. 10. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities;

with Ditto ——

Annuiiies on £.4,45 ^225, at £ 4 per Cent, added to £ 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities;

with Ditto -

Annuities on £2,227 612. 10. at £ 5 per Cent, added to £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, A0 1797;

with Ditto

Annuities for 58\ Years, at is. 9d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Annuities; with Ditto..... ——

Annuities tt£. 1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt - -

VOL. 57.

Total Charci by Exchequer Bills, funded A° 1802 - £.

10 G

Actual Payment oat of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 180a. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th January 1802.

£ ' £. A

9I‘$5° 91,350 — -

79,908 8 j 79,908 8 3

56,142 10 — 56,242 10 —

227,500 l8 3 227,500 18 3

171,281 5 — 171,281 5 —

68,512 10 — 68,512 10 —

78,750 — 78,750

546,04413 3 546,944 13 3

418,687 10 — 418,687 10 —

167,475 — »67 475

3 3 1,132,207 3 3

237,930 234.46S — —

198,870 12 7$ I00,l80 IO —

109,900 — — 109,900

546,70012 7! 444*545 —

458,865 — 452,182 10 —

196,06010 — 193,205 s —

1,201,626 2 7$ 1,089,933 5 —

1,050,000 — — 1,065,750

341,157 19 io£ 432,694 10 —

369,07 s — - 492,100

1,760,232 19 10$ 1,990,544 IO

/ 22,276 2 6 67,830 16 —

5,126 8 9 67,830 16 —

180,213 17 —

112,383 1 —

00 00 M W Vj4 n*

112,222 12 6

27,40211 3 548,364 15 9i

Appendix, (No. 47.) 20 Aprilis, continued*

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

2* Apri

C9*tinafj.

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

I N C O M E — continufJ.

for the Year ended 5th January 1S0z — continued.

C H A R G TL — continued.

Total Charge up, n Consolidated Fund, for Debt, &c. exiting prior to 1793 Total Charge of Intcrcfl, Management, and £. 1 per Cent, incurred A° 1793 -

- Ditto - -- -- - Ditto

- - Ditto Ditto

- - Ditto - -- -- - Ditto

- - Ditto ----- -- Ditto

- - Ditto Ditto

- - Ditto - ----- -- Ditto

- - Ditto - -- -- - Ditto

- - Ditto - Ditto

- - Ditto

Ditto

1794- -

1795

1796 -

1797 -

1798 -

1799 *

1800 -

1801 -

1802 -

Thomas Minium, Esq. Secretary M Commissioners for Issuing Exchequer Bills, pursuant to Act 35 Geo. III. Cap. for defraying necessary Expences -

Richard Clark, Esq. Chamberlain of the City of London, in full of £. 72,000, authorized to be 1 lined out of the Confi.lidated Fund, by Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 69.

Ambrufe Weilon, Esq. for Payment of Expences incurred on Account of the West India Dock Company, by Ad 39 and 40 Geo. III. - -

c

ADDITIONAL CHARGES, for which no Additional Provision has been made: His Royal H'ghn-f* George Prince of Wales, on his Annuity

H R. II. Edward Duke of Kent - - - on Ditto ——

H. R. H. Krncrt Au^ullus ]>. of Cumberland on Ditto ——

John Ear! St. Vincent - -- -- on Ditto ——

Adam Viscount Duncan - -- -- on Ditto ——

Horatio B iron N cl Ion - -- -- on Ditto ‘ -

Sir |mes Marriott, Bart. ----- - on Ditto ——

Sir W. H. Ashhurll .-- ----- on Ditto ——

Sir R:chard Perryn - -- -- -on Ditto -

Sir John Skynner - -- on Ditto ——

Sir Sidney Smith - -- on Ditto -

Baronel's Ab-rcromby - -- -- on Ditto ——

Alex. Earl of Roflvn - -- -- on Ditto ——

James MorriGn, f fq. Receiver of Fees and Emoluments in the Office of Master of the Mint in the Toys *r of London ——

The Judges of England, in Augmentation of their Salaries -

To James Wyatt, Esq. to defray the Expence of erecting a Lazarette on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, per Ad 39 and 40 Geo. II [. Cap. 80. ——

CONDITIONAL CHARGES, for which no Additional Provision has

been made:

Annuities on £. 3.833,333* 6- 8. at £. 3 per Cent, created by Ad 35 Geo. III. by reason of £. 4.600,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany; his Imperial Majesty hiving neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act made payable out of the Consolidated Fund -

Charges of Management on Ditto ——

Annuity for 23 Years, created by the said Act - - - - -

Charges of Management on Ditto ——

Annuities on £.3.669,300, at £ 3 Per Cent, created by Ad 37 Geo. III. by reason of

£. 1,623,000 advanced to the Emreror of Germany; hi* Imperial Majesty having n< ylecteh to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund ——

Charges of Management on Ditto ——

£, 1 per Cent. - - - - on Ditto ——

Total of the Actual Payment Out of, and Future 1 Charge Upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Year coded 5th January 1802 - -j

A dual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1802. _ Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund. ( as it flood on th^ 5th January 1802.

£ > * £. d.

>0.8/0,336 9 10,829,125 17

252,812 10 — 252,812 10 —

7 7 5.3 H — 9i 773.3H — 9r

>.227415 3 11 1,227,415 3 11

1.850,373 3 3 >.850.373 3 3

3,368,219 2 ni 3,368,219 2 n$

1,260,441 16 5! >,260,441 16 5f

1,132,207 3 3 1,132,207 3 3

1,201,626 2 7} 1,089,933 5 —

1,760,232 19 iof >.990.544 >o —

23,696,988 15 ioi

27,402 11 3 548,364 15 9f

23»724»39> 7 *i

1,000 — — |

2 2, OCO — ? Uncertain.

2,497 12 J

23,749,888 19 1$ 24,322,761 8 7|

45.000 — 12.000 12,000 — — 2^000 — 2,009 — 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 — — 500 — 2,623 12 6| 1,583 6 8 2,901 1 lif 65.000 — — 12.000 12,000 — 2,000 — — 2,000 2,000 — 2,000 — 2,000 — — 2,000 — 500 — — 1/300 2,000 — 4,000

*543 4 7 6,560 15 1 of > Uncertain.

20,000 — — 1

115,000 — —

1,725

230,000 — —

3*587 lO — > Uncertain.

110,079 — —

i.538 >9 3i 36,693

C- 24,385,224 10 — - 24,322,761 8 yl

Appendix, -(No. 47.)

2° Apri/is,

continued

James F'jr.er.

Appendix.

A. 1801.

Appendix, (No. 47.) 2° Apriiis,

(entimutd.

An ACCOUNT of the NET PRODUCE of all the PERMANENT T AXES,of GR E AT B R IT AI N, exiflingf before the Year 1793; and also, of the T A XfeS imposed in each subsequent Year; taken for Two Years, ending respectively upon the 5th of January 1801 and 5th January 180a.

CONSOLIDATED 'CUSTOMS, after deducing £.116,676. 5. 8. by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A0 1796, being the computed

Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the

Exportation of Sugar ——

£.4£ PER CENTUM....

QUARANTINE DUTY- ....

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES....

Ad 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. out of Excise Duty on Paper, A° 1794, i of Duties then repealed, at £.75,000 per Annum -

- - Cap. 33. - - - - D® - - on Spirit Licences,

1794 D° - - at £. 36,000 per Annum -

Reserved -

{By Ad Lieu <

D* -

A° 15

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES....

Competitions in Lieu of Stamps, per Bank ....

f By Ad 33 Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A0 1793 % in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 128,600 per Annum

A° 1796,

Reserved

D° - 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of - - - D° - - on Hats,

I - D°.....at £.9,479* ii'- per Annum

\ £>.....Cap. 52. out of - - - D° - - on Legacies, A® 1796,

. . D®.....at £.41,079 per Annum - -

D° - 37 Geo. III. Cap. 19. out of - - - D® - - on Deeds, A° 1797,

„ . - D°.....at £.156,605 per Annum . - .

INCIDENTS:

Reserved by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1793, at £.410,556 per Annum Reserved by Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 65. out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in Lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.374,220 per Annum ——

Houses and Windows, A° 1798, at £.327,900 per Annum ....

D° - - - on Account of Commutation Duty, at £. 515,000 per Annum -

Inhabited Houses, A0 1798, at £. 148,600 per Annum Male Servants - - A° 1798, at £.93,000 per Annum Riding Horses - - A® 1798, at £. 106,000 per Annum Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, A° 17918, at £.200,000 . per Annum ——

Reserved — from Duties Consolidated by Ad 38 Geo. IIL Cap. 40 and 41. in Lieu of Duties then repealed out of ....

Seizures - -

Profers ——

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty ——

6d. Deduction on Pensions -l /. - - D° - on Salaries - -

Hawkers and Pedlars

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, A* 17x1 St 1784 First Fruits of the Clergy ..... Tenths of ----- D®

Rent of a Lighthouse -

Lottery Licences -

Rent of Alum Mines ——

f Carts and Waggons -

1 Male Servants -

I Female - D° -

4Salt, A° 1787 -

Arrears

DUTIES pro A® 1793: ,

British Spirits, A? 1791 -

Game Duty ....

Surplus of Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid - -

Reserved out of Duties consolidated by Acts 1798, Cap. 40 & 41. in Lieu of £. 10 per Cent. 1791, then repealed, at £. 90,790 per Annum ——

DUTIES pro A® 1794:

Sugars, A® 1791 -

Foreign Spirits B.itith - D° - A® 1794 Foreign D° -GUIs

B: leks and Tiles (Customs)

Dw - - - - (Excise) -

Slates r id Stoner

Attornies Auiclo ~

Paper (L'ulloms) ——

D* - (Excise) after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid

1801.

£ '. d-2,667,585 10 4r

a 1,539 — 8

5,809,289 — —

75.000 — —

4,750 ——

1,065,879 — —

12.000 ——

128,600 — —

9-1-79 " —

41,079 ——

156,605 — —

9,991,806 2 — i

410,556 ——

374,22a ——

327,900 — —

5le, O0O — ---

148,600 — —

93,000 -

106,000 — —

>95-,64 4 ,0»

5 S.i'5 618

3

802

3 »

8 11

>3 4 > 3

6 io{

15 2 f

16 3

49-2'4 4,»345 6,045 24,000 2,690

9>894

6 13 4 i,ti8 15 9 960

X 80 2.

£. /. 4/.

1,286,633 7

11,543 is i| 300 — 4

5.679,908 —

75.000 ——

500 — —

1,050,990 19 8

12.000 — —

128,600 — — 9,479 11 —

4x-o79 ——

156,605 — —

8,452,639 16 2

410,556 — 374,220 — —

327,900 — —

515.000 — — 148,600 — —

93,000 — —

106.000 — —

*04,83515 if

72,064 5 21 6i7 — 4 — 10 — 3,119 18 8

43*397 ——

32,606 5 — £

4,304 ——

*4*379 14 4

2,626 16 5F 9,865 15 6 13 4 260 7 4

960 — —

1 12, — I " —

3 3~ —

12 18 7 I II 3

4,078 19 3i —

2,366,352 — 11 2,374,222 12 3'

85,517 53,926

22,950 — — 23-335 3 8

98,994 107,466 1 3

86,799 7 6 95.79°

294,260 7 6 280,517 4 11

136 5 lof

167,80a — — r 204,506 — —

84*735 53,510 —

>73-458 214,619 —

49,137 7 7

— >3 >>5 486

55,652 64.159 —

14.589 16 4 >5.>95 ‘3 Si

21,787 22,72a 5 3

7«‘ 7 7r 1,728 9 9

88,927 117,404

655-=97 3 9r 742,985 16 nf

[continued

42 Geo. Ill

Appendix

849

The Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain — continued.

DUTIES pro A° 1795:

British Spirits

Foreign D° -

Wines

Sweets

Cocoa -

Stamps -

Ship Policies

H.»ir Powder Certificates

Receipts -

Fruits -

Coals -

Tea....

Spirit Licences ——

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual Increase of Revenue by reason of the Re&ridion in Franking, by Ad 35 Geo. III. -

DUTIES pro A0 1796: Tobacco, 8cc. - - - - .

Horse Dealers Licences ——

Wine (Excise) ——

D° - (Customs) ——

Sweets ....

Surplus of Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid D* - - - Hats Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. in Lieu of Duties 1796, then repealed, out of

- - - D

Consolidated Duties on Horses for Riding, 8cc. at £. 106,000 per Annum D° . ... on D* - for Hu (bandry, at £. 95,000 per Annum D* - - - - on Dogs, at £. 70,000 per Annum -Duties Consolidated A* 1798, on Account of £.10 per Cent. 1796,

at £.80,190 per Annum....

Computed Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt ——

Takrn out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Saving on Account of the Reduction in the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar - ....

DUTIES pro A0 1797:

Pepper....

Wrought Plate ——

British Spirits ——

Foreign D° ——

Auctions ——

Surplus of Deeds, after referring the Average Produce as aforesaid -

Cocoa ——

Clocks and Watches (Arreais) ——

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar, dec. ——

B neks ——

Tea....

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17) ——

D* - - (Cap. 102.) - .....-

20 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes ——

Reserved out of C^nfol4 Letter Money, by Act 41 Geo. III. Cap. 7. at £. 198,408 per Ann. Surplus of ConfoH Duties on Fear and Two-wheeled Carriages, after referring as directed

by Ad 38 Geo. III. Capu 41. ——

D° ----- - on Horses for Riding - - Ditto - - Ditto -

D°----- on Horses for Husbandry Ditto - - Ditto - 1 -

D*--.--- oo Male Servants - - - Ditto - - Ditto -D* ----- - on Dogs - -- -- - Ditto - - Ditto -

D* - - - - on Houses and Windows Ditto - - Ditto - - Cap. 40.

D°.....on Inhabited Houses - - Ditto - - Ditto - - - - .

D* - - £. 10 per Cents. A° 1793 ——

D° - - of Letter Money, after referring as directed by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18.

DUTIES pro A° 1798:

Armorial Bearings

Tea ——

Spirit Licences ——

Surplus of Confol4 Duties on Salt, after referring as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89.

DUTIES pro A° 1799: Coffee and Sugar - -

Duty on Small Notes - -

Competitions for Stamps per Bank - -

Canal and Dock Duty -

British Spirits Foreign D®

Tc a

Spirit Licence*

DUTIES pro A6 1800.

VO L.

3J'

10 H

1801.

£. d.

87,167 — —

73*113 -

496,428 — —

7,369 ——

30,136 ——

36,613 ——

130,521 ——

95.6 95 ——

9,690 — — 97,464 17 i£ 11,569 14 2 228,665 — — 8,250 — —

40,000 ——

1,452,691 11

198,027 — —

i>467 ——

1,250 ——

483,200 — 3!

7,620 ——

99-591 ——

26,843 9 —

io6,oco — —

95,000 — — 67,556 14 7i

80,190 ——

32,000 ——

116,676 5 8

1,315,421 9 6{

«3MS3 7 5

9 —

86,326 -

172,839 *6 8

69.917 —

573 748 ——

7.375 ----- ,

5*958 *3 9l

53,027 ——

114,299 19 —

29,925 ——

289,869 ——

35*75° ——

500 — —

4.36a 5 s*

14,13813 — 58,517 2 2

168,721 11 10j 41,689 10 6

468,438 3 7;

39*498 5

1 2 — 265,444 ——

2,642,708 4

7r

25,021 ——

43.905 -

87^00 — —

473.78i *9 34

7^0,207 19

138,005 12 —

21,538 ——

12,coo — — 14.918 17 7l

186,462 9 71

52,227 ——

20,555 »3 4 111,270 — —

284,05* 13 4

1802.

£ * 49,12* — —

216,874 ——

526,956 ——

8,983 ——

22,801 — — 34,806 — 9 166,939 3 11 74,869 9 5

8,550 15 10 68,856 10 3

16,015 9

*39>4«7 ——

2,000 — —

40,000 — — -

1,476,190 9 6±

75,002 — — 885 14 6

1,000 — -

506,056 13 6

9,281 — — 68,321 11 5

24,952 14 3

106.000 ——

95.000 — — 73.763 19 3*

84,959 6 5

32.000 — —

100,000 16 6J

1,277,220 15 11

96,634 — 10 — 18 —

52.754 — ~ 215,469 6 8

77.655 ——

592.714 4 11 6.061 1 3

1,123 4 2 54,321 5 6

72,000 3 9 35,028 — —

285,141 ——

5,500 ——

500 — — 5,486 2 7! 148,806 — —

8,139 11 90,857 1

164,878 4 64,215 12 1,71a 2

454,485 1* 38,601 '2

6|

10J

6*

n

it

9

85,361 —

*.557.444 *6 *

4,154 5 11

140.849 — — 11,500 — —

436.850 18 9

*93*354 4

127.634 19 8

12,977 8 —

12,000 -- —

12,966 10 4$

165.578 18 — i

77,410 ——

215,831 13 4

43,815 ——

24,250 — r —

461 306 >3 4

Appendix

(No. 47.)

a* April is,

etntinued*

Appendix, (No. 47.)

' 2° sfpri/is,

continued.

Appendix.

1802,

The Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain — continued\

DUTIES pro A® 1801:

Stamps

Paper, (Customs)

Ditto, (F.xcise) ——

Timber, &c. ——

Tea - ....

Riding Horses ——

Hu (band ry Horses ——

Surplus of Confold Letter Money, after reserving as directed by Acts 350. 370. Cap. 18. and Ad 410. Cap. 7. - -- -- -....

TOTALS:

The TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS, and INCIDENTS, prior to the Year 1793 ....

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted -

Additional Duty on Malt - - - D°

Duty on Tobacco - - - D°

1801.

£. s d.

18^2.

d.

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A® 1793....

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted

TOTAL of DUTIES pro AM 795....

D° ----- -- 1796 ——

D*.'. ..... 1797 ——

Add proportionate Part of Sugar, now Annually granted

TOTAL of DUTIES pro A0 1798 - -

..... 1799 ....

D» ----- -- 1800 - -

1801

12,358,158 111

1,236,455 1 1

155,986 ——

443,94° ——

C

268,69; 6 4 294 17 ji 54 '11 ——

2i8 6l; 18 fc:

211,8:7_______‘

21,000 — 31,850 — -

*3S»*77 -

9296$i 2 —

10,826,862 8 5$

h678,154 3 _

325,598 ——

391 068 — —

‘4.I94-539 4 — 1 3.221,682 n

294,260 7 6 280,517 4 ,

6S 5*97 J S* 742,985 16 ill

267,3+‘ la 8j 362,841 10 I0{

1,452,691 11 3f ‘.476,190 9 64

1,315,421 9 6J 1,277,220 15 u

2,642,708 4 7f *>557*444 16 2

250,632 15 7J 340,165 19

730,207 19 3I 593*354 4 »

186,462 9 7j 165,578 18

284,052 13 4 461,306 13 4

929.681 2 —

22,273,615 11 4I 22,408,970 2 ii|

Memorandum. — la order to shew the real Amount of the Taxes imposed before and since the \Var~The Produce of the Duties on Sugar, Tobacco,"and Malt, now Annually granted, are added to Old Duties, and to the New ones, of which they were respectively a Part while Perpetual.

Exchequer, 1

the 2d Day of April 1802. 3

James Fisher.

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

2° Aprilis.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of The Suffering Clerct and Laity of France, Toulonesi, and Corsican Emigrants; Saint Domingo Suffere rs; and American Loyalists; for the remaining Nine Months of the Year 1802.

One Hundred and Seyenty-three Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 -

ad April 1802. 3 N. Fanfittart.

Ah ESTIMATE of the Probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales;

.and which may become due in the course of the Year 1802.

Downing Street, 1 31st Maich 1802. j

Thirty Thousand Pounds.

John Sullivan.

An ACCOUNT of the Gro6 Produce of the Duty on S T R O N G BEER,' for Three Years, ending the 5th of July 1795;

distinguistung each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

- £ i. d.

f *793 *>067,140' 4 —

Years ending 5th July - - - < 1794 2,604,528 4 —

( >79S - - *.015,121 14 —

Total - - - 6,986,790 2 — .

Average - - £. 2,028,930 — 8

Appendix,

(No. 49*) 50 Apritis.

Exctfe Office*. London, 5th April 1802.

Nath1 Planner, Accomp* Gen1.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duty on TABLE BEER, for Three Years, ending 5th July 17955

diRinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

( >793 r - Yean ending 5th Juljr - '<-1794 - t >795 - - m - - £' * 93»°3* 3 3 87,983 2 — 86,469 14 3

Total - *67.483 19 6

Average - c 89,161 6 6

Excise Office, London, 1

5th April 1802. i Nath1 Plannery Accomp* Gen1.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duty on SMALL BEER, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1795;

distingui filing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Years ending 5th July

£. s. d.

94,283 13 8

96,462 12 8

X 96,869 2 4

Total - 287,615 8 8

Avkragb - - £ 95,871 l6 2f

Exdfe Office, London, 5th April 1802.

Nath1 Planner, Accomp* Gen1.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duties on M ALT, for Three Years, ending 1795; distinguishing the Produce of each Duty, and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole.

Malt Annual. Malt Perpetual. I TOTAL.

£ ' dm £. U dm £. * d.

>793 618,034 l6 9} 993.939 $ $i 1,611,974 3 s

*794 647.*64 4 $ 1,040,081 4 7 1,687.345 9 — i

>79$ 624,234 — i 1,004,018 l8 11 { 1,628,253 11 — {

Total 1,889,533 13 3 £ 3.038.039 9 — i\ 4*927o73 2 4

Average - £. 629,844 11 1 1,012,679 l6 4 1,642,524 7- 5i

Excise Office, London,1

5th April 1802. J C. RiXy Accomp* Gen1.

Appendix.

A. 1802

85a

Appendix, (No. 49.) 5* Apri/is,

coniinuiJ.

At* ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duty on HOPS, for Seven Years, ending 5th July 1801; di fling uishing each

Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

Years ending 5th July 1795

.....*796

.....*797

----- - *798

.....*799

.....1800

----- - 1801

Excise Office, London,) 5th April 1802. 3

Total -Avfragb

£ '

- 203,790 6 2*

- 82,346 14 7i

- 75*476 7 ' 9l

- IS7.6SS >8 2*

- 56,425 3i

- 73,286 16 6J-

- 73,228 12 8

- 722,20917 4$

103,172 15 4

C. RtXy Accomp* Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of MALT ALLOWANCES paid to Brewers, and others, out of the Duty on Malt 1780, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1795 5 difling uishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

\ # ALLOWANCES.

1793 ->794 >795 - 1 1 1 1 ( a l 1 1 1 1 1 a a £ A 460,072 12 9 458,278 11 4 399,234 4 8i

Total - !.317.585 8 9*

Averace - - £. 439,195 2 n{

Excise Office, London, 7 4

5th April 1802. 3 ' C. RIx, Accomp* Gen1.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Drawback on STRONG BEER Exported, for Three Years, ending the 5th July 1795;

distinguishing each Year; together with an Average of the Whole.

f >793 - - Years ending 5 th July - - - < 1794 - - C >795 - - £ * d* 67,899 10 8 57,102 *8 — 49,428 9 9f

Total - 174,430 18 st

AvaaAca - - £ 58,143 12

Excise Office, London, 7

5 th April 1802. 3 Nath1 Planner, Accomp' Gen1.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Drawback on HOPS Exported, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1801; distinguishing

each Year; with an Average of the Whole.

Years ending 5th July

Excise Onice, London, 5th April 1802.

Total AviaAoa -

m 9*346 ij —

5,007 1 10'-

3789 5 «i

- I 8.I43 2 — \

£ 6,047 >4 —

C. Rix, Accomp1 Gen1.

Return to an Order of the Ilonfc of Commons; for. i.

" Am ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties on Exports and Imports, and Tonrage of Shipping*, commonly ^called The Convoy Duty; from its Commencement to Its Ttrnunarion: — Distinguishing each Year; diiEnguifning the Duties on M Imports, on 1 :po;ts to Europe ard Exports to Countries out of Europe, and Tonnage, rcJpcctively; Ani diiiiuguishing the " Duties on Sug ar, Which, Lv an Act of the lait Sclhon, were made Permanent.1"

Appendix;

(No. 50.)

50 yj-rihs.

From the $:h July

to the 5th Janu try 1799 3

From the cth [anur.rv \ 7 ,<) ] to the 5th January loooo J

From the 9th January I ‘OD,) to the 5th January 1S ji J

From the 5th January 1S01 1 to the 111 October fol- J* lowing ..... j

Pro !uce of the Duties on EXPORTS: j Pn oduce of the Duties on IMPORTS:

On j A ( - -Oa On On >

C^jCs. j jTonna^e of Shipping. TOTAL. j Sug>r. ..... All othrr Article*. . Tonnage of Shipping. T O TA L.

c-> £ ' i £ ' 1 £ ' £. s. 1 /. £, ' £. s. J.

135.043 7 7 28,9^0 — 9' 164.023 8 4J >99.548 < 4 226,040 ! 7 39,416 n — j 465,004 13 nf

2,94,3 16 3 55.438 10 9 =74,?7* 7 — 296.617 8 10 592,772 19 2\ 67,432 19 ij 956,823 7 2

*60,2; j j 1} , 66,103 — >°« 326,354. 3 — 271,645 11 8 669,433 18 2 > 82,396 5 ni 963.475 >5 9i

1C?.S4| 3 7 55,425 6 5 263,666 10 — 43,458 7 10 578,706 17 4 7:,932 :o 1 &9l>°97 IS 3

Acte. — No Accounts having been kept of the Amount of Convoy Duty received on Goods and Shipping to or from each particular Country, the Inspector General cannot comply with that Part of the abovement;.oned Order, which requires the Amount of Duties on Exports to Europe to be distinguished from the Exports to Countries other than Em ope,* — without a considerable Delay.

Inspector GeneraPs Office, ‘ CuAom House, Lond j 5th April 1802.

Office, >nd jn, I

* J

William Irvin*

# Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Am ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, for Three Years, ending oh the 5th Apr?! 1802; diilinguishing the Duties which have been imposed during that Period.

TAXES.

Houses and Windows ——

Inhabited Housei ——

Male Servants ——

Four-Wheel Carriages ——

Two-Wheel Carriages and Taxed Carts -

Horses for Riding, See. ——

Additional Doty on D#, by 41 Geo. III. Cap. 9.

Horses and Mules ——

Additional Duty on D°, by 41 Geo. III. Cap. 9.

D^gs....

Office for Taxes, i 5th April 1802. 3

1799. 1 800. 180 1.

£. s. J. £ > d £ * d

1,476,490 4 6 1,483496 io 4. '1490,646 17 »

229,166 2 6- 234,084 ili 241,491 8 7i

161,787 xo 6 173.379 >6 — 181,774 >9 "

172,129 3 — i?5*>77 >3 6 179,586 12 —

73,623 14 — 82,829 15 — 93-553 »* —

295,096 io — 306,546 9 — 308,438 18 6

281,516 S 6 275,060 io — >37-955 9 6 258,839 11 -

- - 169,810 9 6

77,655 12 6 78,663 15 — 76,596 5 6

*'767*465 5 65 2,808,632 11 9! 3.138,674 2

Appendix, (No. 51.) 50 *4prilis.

H. Parker.

ESTIMATE of t'ne Expence of C ivil Buildings in Ireland; from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803;

Anr.aal Probable Expence of Civil Buildings and Furniture at Dublin Castle, the Phoenix Park, the Parliament House, Four Court?, and other Civil Buildings, including the W-gcs of Overseers, Rents, Taxes, and other incidental Expences -

Total of Estimate for One Year

X

Irish Money.

X d.

37,000 — —

37,000 ——

Board of Works, j t5*.h November 1801. J

Nat1 Slickland, A1 S. Act*'. P. li'ahhe, Arch heft.

Appendix, (No. 52.)

8* Aprilis.

Vol. 57.

te I

Appendix,

(No. 52.)

8° April,

cont trued,

Air ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year; from the 5th Day of January 1802 to the 5th Day of January iSc,].

Towards raising a Supply of Flax and Hemp -.....-

A further Sum, for the Encouragement of Hemp and Flax in the Provinces of Leinster, Munder, and Connaught ....

A further Sum, to encourage the Growth of Flax ——

A further Sum, to be applied in such Manner as flioll appear to the said Trustees to be most conducive to promote and encourage tlje said Manufacture; the said Sum to be in the place and dead of a like Sum paid to them out of the Produce of the Duties on Teas and Coffee ~

jr. i. et.

2,000 ——

2 ,oco -

7,250 -

10,350 ——

21,600 — —

Which Sum of £. zi,6co. Iridi Money, amounts, in Britidi Money, to £. 19,938. 9. 3.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, for One Year; from the 9th Day of January

to the 5th Day of January 1803.

£ ' *

There has been Annually granted to the Board of Fird Fruits, for Building New Churches, and Rebuilding Old Churches, in such Parishes as no Public Service has been performed in for Twenty Years lad pad, and for the Encouragement of Building Glebe Houses - £.

Irish Money.

5,000 — —

Which Sum of £. 5,000. Irish Money, amounts, in British Money, to £. 4,615. 7. 8

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Fever Hospital in Dublin, for One Year; from the 5th Day of January 1802

the 5th Day of January 1803.

Towards the Erection and Annual Expence of a House of Recovery, or Fever Hospital, for the Reception of Patients of the Poorer Classes of the City of Dublin - - - £.

Irish Money. 1,500 ——

British Money.

1,384 it 3}

John Smith.

An ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for Pavine, Cleamsinc, and Lichtikc the Streets of Dublin* for the Service of One Year; from the 5th of January 1802 to the 5th of January 1803.

To Amount of Paving Tax -

To Amount of Lighting Tax -

To Amount of Composition from the City, for Clean hug, &c, ——

Total Annual Income of} the Corporation

:ome of j

£- '

d.

s, &

10,450 — —

7,680 — —

2,320 — —

20,450 ——

By Amount of Paving and Flagging -By Amount of Cleansing -By Amount of Lighting -By Amount of Fountains and Sewers By Amount of Edablishment, Incidents, and Law Expences, &c. - -

By Amount of Intered on Debentures

' - £

6,040 — —

5>35* 6 5

10,000 ——

4«4 *3 2

6,627 3 4 M95 ——

Paving House,) Samuel Greene,

9th Novem. ,801. 5 Infp' of Account,.

42 Geo. III. Appendix.

Ah ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissionen for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin; for the Service of One Year; from the 5th January 1802 to the 5th January 1803.

DEBT. INTEREST. 1

Viz. £ ' d- £ J.

Line of Sackville Street -Line from Drogheda Street toMabbot Street, and for removing Glass- 39-535 a£ 2>3 r-3 1 1

houses - 32,707 8 4 1,952 9 — 1

6outh Great Georges Street 1,868 3 6 112 1 10 >

Line of Westmorland Street I2,ocS 723 9 7

Line of Dame Street, &c. on Coal Tax 99000 — — 4*412 |

Annual Expence of Institution for Salaries to Officers, Law Charges, Surveyors, Contingencies for Compensation, fee. ;<l>out -To detray the Amount of the Verdicts of the J uries for opening the Avenues to Carliflr Lridge, on South 6>Je the River, as enjoined by the 31:1 2,000 — —

Geo. 111. - . ' - - 23,000 — —

£ 36,582 3 6

A

Office of Wide Streets, 7 lit March 1802. J

Appendix,

An ESTIMATE of the Funds of the Commissionerj (*'xa S3-) for making WiJe and Convenient Streets in the Cicy g* of Dublin; for One Year; irom the 5th January, iSc2 ,

to the 5th January 1803.

- £ * d.

Amount of Coal Duty - - i 8,000

of Club and Card Licence Tax 1,625 — —

— usual Annual Grant from Parliament,

towards paying of Interest - - J 1 4,5CO

14,125 T

Thos Shcrrard, Sec.

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bbqjjests in Ireland; for One Year; from the 5th Day of January 1S02 to the 5th Day of January 1803.

" . Irish Money. \

£. *. *

To defray the Expence of the Office of Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations 7

and Bequests in Ireland - J___ °______

Which Sum of JT. 300 Irish Money amounts, id British Money, to 276. 18. 5

By Order,

John Smith.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Malt, from the End of the Year 1795; to the 5th of July 1801; diAinguishing the Produce of each Duty, and each Year; together with an Average of the respective Duties, and of the Whole.

Years ended 23d of June

1796

*797

1798

*799

1800

1801

Total Average -

Old Annual.

£ J.

710.755 — 6{

776,107 19 23

676,301 17 10

796,940 18 1 i

368,470 13 8 {

468736 10 61

Perpetual.

Total Amount of

MALT DUTIES.

3»797»313 — I

632,885 lo —

£. s. J.

1,144,128 15 6f*j -

1,256,703 15 9 -.95*9. .« pr"'-

{1,032*49 *9 — i-' I 288,788 2 — J 3

588,617 .5 6 I (. A^euI,. *

754,444 16 11J - - <

6,130,814 2 5 I

1,021,802 7 — f

1,854,883 16 11

2,032,811 15 1,772,282 16 2 i

2.087.878 19 3J

957,088 9 2 y

1,223,181 6 8 £

[9,928,127 2 6*

1,654,687 17 f

IV. 2?. — 'The Deties on Malt are made up to 23d of June, in conformity to the old Malt Acts of Parliament.

Appendix, (No. 54.) 9* Aprilis.

}f«h APH1 ,8„.

C. Rix, Ac comp* Gen1.

VOL. 57.

R. Nicholas.

Lovjndcs.

I. Oleins.

T. CafivalU A. Phipps. tfr. Jackson. R. Spi Her.

G. Seymour.

Appendix

A. 1802,

Appendix, (No. 54*) 9* Aprilis,

r»*Sr«ftW»

Aw ACCOUNT of the Quantity of M A LT, on which Duty has been paiJ, from the 5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1801; distinguishing each Year; with an Average of the Whole.

Yean ended the 23d of June

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

1789

1790

79 *

>79*

1795 794 >795

1796

>797

1798

>799

1800

1801

N.S. — The Dntie* on Malt are ' made up to 23d of June, in conformity to the old Malt AAi of Parliament.

Total

Average

Boffccti.

*6,601,058 27,086,821 *.747,6j4 27,272,84* 26,868,996 24,250,5'4 22,669,579 27,919,010 28,661,374 24,452,837 25,588,151 24,693,567 28,142,008 30,923,419 26,963,454

3>.7>>,645

14,480,714

18,566,946

459,640,568

*S*S3S.S87

C. Rjx, Accomp1 Gen'.

R. Nichol.

IV. Lowndes.

I. Olmius. T. Cafwa

A. Phipps.

IV. Jackson. R. Spiller.

G. Seymour.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of H O P S on which Duty has been paid, from the 5th of July 1785 to the 5th of July 1821; distingui thing each Year; with a General Average of the Whole.

Years ending 5*h July - -c

1784 -

1786 -

1787 -

1788 -

1789 -

1790 -

t?9i -

*792

1793

1794 "

1795 -

1796 *

1797 -

1798 >

1799 -

1800 -

1801 -

Total Average - lbs.

IUs. wt.

- 15,801.791

- 19,736,2^2

- 23,51^,267

« 19,996,055

8,813,819

- 29,^78,4 >

21,176,855

- 22,308,243

- 18,867,548

- 33»949*731

- 5,000,17 5

- 42,528,587

- 17,180,497

- 's.739.5"

- 32,881,264

- ".774.5 87

>5.*93.335‘

>5»*9.379

- 369;7~5.l6°

*°.543.°7°

Excise Office, 1 ... m

London, } 9'h April .8oa.

C. RiXy Accomp* Gen1.

R. Nicholas. IV. Lowndes. I. Olmius.

T. Cafwall. A. Phipps. IV. Jackson. R. Spiller.

(r. Seymour.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Number of Barrels of STRONG BEER, for which Duty ha* been paid; Brewed from the

5th of July 1783 to the 5th of July 1801; distinguishing each Year.

From ,5th July 1785 to 3th July 1784 Notnber of Barrels. 4,337,662 i

- - - 1783 - - - - 4,328,750 i

- - - - - 1786 - - - . 4,146.5*2

- - - - - 1787 - - . 4,426,482 f-

- - - - 1788 m - - 4,304,8951

- - >789 - - - - 4.437,831 i

- - - - 1790 - - - 4,525.950 I

- - - - >79' - - - 4.734.588 \

- - - - >79* - - - 5,082,293 i

- - - - >793 - - - 5,167,850 *

- - - >794 - - 5,011,320 I

- - - >795 - - - - 5,037,8041

- - - - >796 - - - - 5,104,453

- - - - >797 - - - - 5,839,627

- - 1798 - - - - 5.7*4.467

- - - >799 - - - 5.774.3" t

- - - i8co - - - - 4,824,306

" 1801 - - 4.734,9781

Total - - £ 88,024,085 J

.Excise Office, London,

| 9th April

1802.

Nath1 Planner, Accomp* GenL

R. Nicholas. IV. Lowndes. I. Olmius.

T. Cafwall. A. Phipps. IV. Jackson. R. b pi Her.

G. Seymour.

Appendix,

(No. 5 5*)

12* Aprilis.

— S*' — - '

An

ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid on Corn, Meal, Flour, and Rier, Imported into Scotland, in pursuance of several Acts of the 41st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; from the 5th Day of January 1S02 to the 5th Day of April following; being the latest Pciiod to which the same can be made up.

Twenty-two Thousand and Eighty-two Pound? Nine Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings.

Custom-IIoufe, Edinburgh 6th April 1802.

1

'John Campbell, Rcc' Gen*.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SUGAR, RUM, COFFEE, and COTTON, Imported into Great Britain, from the Colonies of Surinam, Bkrbice, Dbmerara, and Essequibo, as also from the I Hands of Martin ico, St. Lucia, Tobago, Trinidad, and St. Eustatia; for Three Years, previous to the id of January lad; as far as the same can be made of; didioguishing each Year, as well as the (Quantity Imported from each Colony or Island; together with the Net Amount of Duty paid thereon.

Apri'tis.

of the COLONIES t s u GAR. RUM. V C O F FEE. C O T T 1 O N.

ISLANDS. Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Duty.

Cwt. f rr ibs. £ - d. Gallons. £. t. d. Cwt. e ib«. £ d. lbs. £. ud.

Surinam - - - - 1,000 0 0 — — — 4,800 0 0 — 245,809 —

Bcrbice, Demerara, 1 and EflTequibo - J 35,189 1 20 31,396 ,7 7 14,456 331 17 6 39,089 2 6 7,486 2 9 3*593*053 —

Martinico - - - *87,172 O 18 *59*955 4 1 3,9*6 90 16 9 34,906 2 0 6,724 9 11 725,602 —

Saint Lucia - - - *>993 3 19 2,588 6 — — — — 55»33r —

Tobago - - - . 164,212 3 4 144,603 12 8 *57*59* 5,903 8 5 80 0 0 15 8 — 7*2H —

Trinidad - - - - 26,728 0 0 24,146 9 1 IO4 2 7 8 1,898 1 15 365 8 6 1,403,290 —

Saint Eudatia - —

Total - - - 517,2961 s 462,690 3 11 276,068 6,328 10 4 80,774121 14,591 9 2 6,030,299

t Q rs

" ‘ >

Surinam - - - - 35,258 0 20 26,528 10 220 5 — IO 63,579 2 26 11,957 12 — 1,067,910 —

Berbice, Demerara, 1 and EH'cquibo - ] 51,t99 1 22 4*57* >8 5 93,070 2,133 12 2 114,692 3 21 22,063 4 7 7,057,665 —

Martinico - - - 19^249 1 20 168,978 14 2 5»392 123 14 1 45,405 2 17 8,733 6 4 1,468,112 —

Saint Lucia - - - , I2,l64 1 22 U,o73 9 6 114 2 12 3 3*94-5 2 13 759 *° 3 275*549 —

Tobago ..... 1 19,656 O IO 71,288 I 8 194.071 4,448 8 9 124 1 16 23 *8 10 7*397 —

Trinidad - - - I 54*5*5 2 6 41,322 12 2 3,018 69 7 2 4*357 3 4 838 17 3 863.987 —

Saint Eudatia - - 1 ——

Total . - - 0 rr\ + q 'S. 16 360,762 16 9 295,885 6,782,5 3 232,106 0 13 44,381 9 3 10,740,620 —

1801.

Satinam - 2C4>774 2 lb .-5,yiy 14 1 i 100,177 2,2y7 — *1 5 r 162,131 > 24 31,208 *5 6 1

BerMcc*. D-nv'rara, 7 ' and Likquibo - 3 j 95*°3i 1 3 87,150 1 11 139,781 *.9S6 — 5 142,819 1 14 2 7*474 *5 10 7,622,942 —

Martinico - - - J 285,817 1 5 283,989 4 8 17,410 401 7 9 47*927 0 7 9,226 17 11 796,727 —

Saint Lucia - - - 18,903 1 0 lS,809 *9 1 — — 3*513 1 7 679 8 — 422,119 —

Tobago - - - - 79-9* 3 9 60,276 ‘3 2 169,736 3,889 15 7 42 2 18 8 4 3 24,989 —

Trinidad - - - - 69.551 0 20 57*5^8 6 10 ‘9*537 447 *4 7 3*327 a 18 638 — 10 1,289,573 —

Saint Eudatia ——

Total - - - 753-370 1 *5 673.733 10 7 446,641 9,991 l8 9 359,761 3 4 69,236 2 4 11,959,612 —

General's 0!Tice, 1

-fvm-ii \ L.n'.-r.i, 13th An:il 1802. J

William Irving,

Inspeflor General of >the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Vol. 57.

10 K

Jf rilis.

Am ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenue, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the PUBLIC INCOME of IRELAND, from the 1A of for collecting the same — and, the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt: — DiAinguiAiing a|fo the Amount of the Net Pr<xluc Payments into the Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the ill Day of January Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the ift Day of January 1801 and on the 5th Day of January 1802 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappio-

BALANCES. GROSS RECEIPT. 1 Drawback, Discount, Charges of M j agement, See. Paid out f Grots Revenue.

HEADS of REVENUE. r Balances in the Hands of the different v Collectors, on the id of Jan. 1801. Balance in Hands of the Receiver General on the ift of Jan. 1802. Bill. 1 in Hands of the Receiver General on id of Jan. 1801, but not due till after that D,y. < Gross Receipt within the Year. \ Total RECEIPT to be Accounted for. RATE per Crn urn, for which the Gross Revenue was collected. ( Repayment, Drawback1, Discounr, See. Charges of Management. l Total PAY ME NTS ou* of the GioJs Revenue.

ORDINARY REVENUES:

Customs, including Wool Licences O Excise I £ u 418,170 19 5; £ * a *4,346 *9 3$ £ a 98,136 6 11 ! £ d fi,826,780 — 3] \ 830,688 17 1 £ J |3,2o8,i23 3 — J £ 1. J. II 12 5 c 196,403 lS s' £ 3°'»995 '3 »'i £ 605,399 '* 4*

Stamps 85,087 3 1 - - 210,094 8 oj *95>i8i 11 icj 1 - 2,560 12 9 *,153 it 9] *4,7 >9 4 '{

PoA-Office - *7.375 'i - 102,376 16 9 i*9»75* 6 ioi 69 4 — - 7o,$4S $ 7-, *4* 5

34.H9 17 10 34,149 17 10

Pella Fees 6,830 — 4 6,830 — 4

1,776 6 — 1,776 6 — - . - -

5,263 8 10 5*163 8 10

TOTAL OaoiNARY Rkvknvis 5jo,«3j 11 8 *4.346 19 3{ 98,136 6 11 3*0*7,959 15 11 3,671*076 14 9} . - - 298,964 II 402,002 8 ij 700*960 I9 4}

EXTRAORDINARY RESOURCES:

Four-Shilling Tji on S»i»riei, Pen-

fiont, And l'roliu of Employment: of

9*989 11 6] 9*989 1* 6J - . r -

On Account of Deccafed and Di(miffed

i>454 13 6i M54 13 6f

790 — — 790 — —

Loan, Inrereil from Grand Cana) Company, and Commissioners of Wide

Commissioners of the Navy, on Ac- 9,2*5 14 — 9,225 14 —

count of Advances by Collectors in

a*,3 4 9 22,113 4 9

Profit by Exchange on Sums received

from Great Britain ... 62,065 11J 62,065 2 lll

Kiee, Indian Corn, Stc* fold on Ac-

S°>953 IS 11 50,953 15 11 1

Other Monies paid to the Public - - 8*039 17 8,039 17 1

Lotteries - APPROPRIATED DUTIES FOR LOCAL OBJECTSi 1433,500 — — 433.50° — .1

Linen Manufacture 868 18 6{ - . 1,588 8 3 MS7 6 91 - 7*7 10 11 . 7*7 10 n

Lagan Navigation - 165 2 6 " - - - 754 11 — 919 14 6 - 730 14 8 8 3 3 733 17 11

Improvement of Dublin - 3 5 - . 8,110 18 9,793 — i ... 36 19 3 - 36 >9 3

Repairs of Royal Exchange, and Commercial Buildings - - - 665 3 6 - 1*388 1 6 *«°53 5 —

1,660 — — 1,660 — —

TOTAL, independent of the Loans Loans paid into the Exchequer, in the 535.9*5 — 7i *M46 *9 3l 98,136 6 11 3,629,693 17 1 4,286,092 3 II 300,459 16 — J 402,010 11 4i 7°*«47o 7 5I

Year ended the 5th of January 2802 - 4,730,76* is ij 4,730,762 l8 j\ -

ORAND TOTAL . - 533.9*5 — 7i *4.346 19 3} 98,136 6 11 8*360*56 15 2\ 9,016,855 j - 3°°rtJ9 16 — ' 401,010 IK 4} 702,470 7 5i wLm. is

Itfatt. — The Appropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1801, amounted to.....£. 25,651 11 t{

And on the 5th of January 180* ...to - - - - 16,435 7 S

The Unappropriated Balance in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1801, amounted to.....1,671,647 6{

And en the 5th of January. 1804 - . - to.....394,668 5 7

Dublin, 27th March 1S01.

1

Jan wry 1801 to the 5th of January 1802; Distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue — The Amount of the Gross Receipt — The Rate per Centum and the Rate per Centum for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce DifUnguishing also the 1801 and 00 the 5th Day of January 1802 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the priated; and the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the Days above mentioned, and not Redeemed within that Period.

NET PRODUCE applicable to National Objc&i, and to Payments into the Exchequer. RATE per Centum for which the Net ProJucc of the Revenue was collected. PAYMENTS out of the Net Produce, applicable to National Objects. PAYMENTS into the EXCHEQUER. BALANCES. Total DISCHARGE.

( Paymeoft on Account of Militia and De fetters. Bounties for promoting the Fisheries, Linen Manufacture, Ac. 1 Total PAYMENTS out of the Net Produce. r Balances in the Hands of the different Collectors on the 5th of Jan. 1802. Balance in the Hands of the Receiver General on the 5th of Jan. x8oa. Bills > in Hands of the Receiver General on 5th of Jan. 1802, but riot due till after that Day.

£ a £- *- a £ * a £ a £ a £ '* a £ ' a £* * d. £ a £ *. d.

*^oa,7»3 l\ *3 3 — 15,650 10 2} 36,737 *4 *°l 51,388 5 — **34,53* 3 3i 299,766 14 4 H*S07 3 5 91,530 4 6} 3,208,123 3 — \

*70*6» 7 4) *7.544 J 4i 82,918 4 — - 195,181 it io£

4*r9°4 jf »*4 *4 *8,141 6 li 20,762 1710 - - "9,75* 6 io{

34*49 *7 «o 34.149 7 1° 34*49 *7 10

MJO — 4 6,830 — 4 6,830 — 4

*,776 6 — 1,776 6 — 1,776 6 —

5,163 8 to 5,163 8 to 5,263 8 10

«4W«» *5 j! 15,650 10 *{ ‘ 36,737 *4 iof 5M*» J-i 1,398,136 6 3 4°3>447 *6 H>5°7 3 5 91,530 4 6} 3,671/576 14 9f

*» 6f 9*9*9 11 6J 9,989 12 61

MS4 >3 «i M54 *3 61 M54 *3

790 79° 790 — — .

9^*5 *4 — ' f,iaS t4 9,215 14 —

*.»«3 4 9 11,113 4 9 22,113 4 9

62,065 1 »t| 61,065 a 11} 62,065 iif

J°i95J *5 < 5°»953 15 " % 5°>953 15 "

»/3J9 «7 V39 17 1 *>°39 *7 x

4JVJCO 1 j 433*5oo

*,7*9 >5 ,0'. 1 1 I *,7*9 *5 *°i *457 6 9J

180 16 7 1 1 _ _ _ 1 I I 180 16 7 - - 9*9*4 6

9*756 9? I S.137 *4 9 1,618 8 — J - - 9*793 — §

*53 5 — 1,668 17 — 384 8 — - - *>053 5 —

, Mo 1,660 — —

3,5*3,6* *6 il: ' ' 1 j| 15,650 IO 1} 36,737 14 *°I S*.3»* 5 — 3,007,83418 9| 407,361 4 8 *4*5*7 3 5 91,536 4 6.J 4,236,091 3 it

4»7J°»7* »1 1 1- 4>73°»76» 18 if 4,730,762 18 if

S,3*4»3*4 *4 71 - j 15,650 10 *1 j 36,757 14 5*»3* J — i 7*73*597 *6 11 407,361 4 8 *4,507 3 5 9*>530 4 6J 9*016,855 a — {

The Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Public Service between the 5th of January 1801 and the $tb of January 1802, £ * d*

and not Redeemed within that Period, was..... 900,000 — —

Payments Into the Exchequer 00 Account of Public loans, between 5th JaiviSoi and 5th Jan. j8o* - r 3>^3°>76a 18 1 {

£ 4»73°>76* *8 Ji

Slep. Moore, A.G.

Appendix,

(No. 57-)

14* AprMs'

An ACCOUNT of the Income of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland, for the Year

14* Apr His.

INCOME:

Consolidated Customs and Excise Duties Stamp Duties -Pod-Office Revenue

Poundage Feej -

Pells Fees - -

Duty on Wrought Plate

Casualties ——

Ordinary Revenues -

Four-Shilling Tax on EmploymentsT'&c. of Absentees -

On Account of Deceased and Difmided Collectors Balances - -

Public Coal Yards ——

Loan, Interest from Grand Canal Company, and Commissioners of Wide Streets -Commissioners of the Navy, on Recount of Advances by Collectors in Ireland, for Seamen's Wages, See, - - - -

Profit by Exchange on Sums received from England -Rice, Indian Corn, Sec. fold on Account of Government -Other Monies paid to the Public ——

Lotteries

Extraordinary Resources

9.989

1*454

790

9>225

22,113

62,065

50-953

8,039

433*5°°

12

*3

61

61

14 —

11

1

2,602,723 10 7j 270,462 7 41

148*904. 4 Si 34,149 17 10 6,830 — 4

*.7/6 6 — 5,263 8 10

2,970,109 l> 54

Loans, including 900,000 Exchequer Bills ——

Balance on the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer on 5th January 1801

598,132 — 9 i

3,568,241 16

4'73°»76* >8

1,671,647 2 6 i

Accountant General's Office, Dublin, 27th March 1802.

Kelt. — The above Account cannot be closed until the Aflual Amount

21* Mail. An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing the 25th of March, of all TAXES, and Additional or Increafrd

each Year, and the Total Amount of the

(CUSTOM

ARTICLES upon which any T A X, or Additional or Increased DUTY, has^ been Impcfed, from 1791 to 1801, in the CUSTOM DEPARTMENT 5 with the Rate of Additional Tax,

Beer and Ale

Books, unbound

Bottle 1, Class ——

D"....

D° - being Vitriol

Bridles, — See Column of Observations.

Butter, Exported -

("Carpets. — See Column of Obssrvations.

-7 I Chariots -

L 3 Cyder and Perry ( I Cocoa Nuts L D® -

C f. d.

-1° 1 3 per Barrel.

1° 0 4! per Barrel.

J° 7 % per Cwt.

>3 0 per Cwt.

0 oi per Dozen Quarts.

0 6 per Dozen.

- 0 0 £ each.

- 0 1 O per Cwt,

16 O each*

>4 O each*

- 0 >3 8 per Tun.

0 per Pound.

0 6 per Pound.

Colony Trade J O ut war da, — See Column of Observatioks,

fCorks, ready made - -

Corkwood ——

Cotton, Twist. — See Column of Observations. Currants ——

Deals. — See Column of Obsirvations.

- o o 2| per Cross.

- o 8 4 per CwL

o 3 10 per Cwt.

o 6 each.

D® - D®

Entries Outward!

W f Flag Stones -^< Glauber Salts -J; (Hides, Tanned

- Dublin Port -

- o

- o

- o

- o

- o

each.

each.

3 per 100 Feet. 1J per Pound.

1 per Pound

Commencement of Additional Duty.

SelEon - 1798

- - 1799

- 1795

- 1798

1793

1797

1795

>794

1797

>793

>793

>793

>793

>793

>797

1800

1800

>797

>797

>797

>797

YEARS ENDING

1 7 92*

>794

1798

>799

>799

>793

1797

>794

793-

& 1. d.

1 794*

72 10 3

47 >7 6 232---79 16 — >5 3 4 >5 9i

1 795*

L d.

4- >5 ?

57 >9 243 12 — 239 8 —

5*3 3 *

4- — 7

532 ——

978 10 —

:. — The An;.: thu; m.'.U not having been considered of sufficient Importance as to be ObjefU of Enquiry, had not dirtindl Hea ls kept for them in the

Names. The Produce of Additional Duty cannot be dated on them with any Certainty, unms

T1

ended the 5th of January 1802; and also of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year, Sec.

CHARGE:

Inrerert on Debt, and Management -

Sinking Fund ——

Separate Lnar?es npp rtaining to Ireland Viz.

Arr^ar on M icrll >neous Services, due ill January 1801 Comn iffh-ners of Wide Streets -Relief of Loynli h - -

Comp-nfation for LXes by Union -

Lottery Priz-s - -

Principal of Debentures ——

Principal of Evchrqurr Bills -

Interred on Exchequer Bills -

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Depositi

Inland Navigations ——

11,462 — 2}

23,144 6 tf-

160,063 3 7I

202,725 6 —

297,808 — — 10 — —

1,196,500 — — 96,665 7 21

21,035 l9 25,624 12 6f

Proportionable Contribution for United Kingdom, 2-l7ths -

Balances in the Hands of Collectors, Receivers General, and in Bills Balance on the Consolidated Fund in the Exchequer, on 5th January 180a

519,485 4

394,668 5 7

of the Expenditure of the United Kingdom can be ascertained.

s. J.

1,650,526 I Ilf 391,460 14 9

2,035,038 15 3

4,077,025 11 nf

9'4i'S3 9

S. Mocre, A. G.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

140 April.

DUTIES, imposed in IRELAND, from 1791 to 1801; distinguishing the Nature and Commencement of each, its Amount in

Net Produce of the Whole in each Year.

21° A/Iaii*

DEPARTMENT.)

25th of MARCH. OBSERVATIONS.

1 7 96. *7 97 1798. 1799. I 800 1801

£ 1. d. £ 1. d. £ > d. £ t. d. £ s. d. £ f. d.

1,570 a 6 1,231 16 3 94a 12 8

369 10 icl 273 7 101

*3 U — *73 11 8 IC4 18 6 88 *9 7 225 16 — 213 9 7

j63 *3 3 44* " 3^5 — 3

45 7 3 90 17 5 28 5 11 3* *5 10 45 >7 5 70 1 7}

- - - 68$ 8 — 755 *3 — 1,094 *4 6 1,65a 19

7 14 4 26 15 a 9 12 — 29 10 6 2.4 13 — 4o 1 10

Bridles — placed under the General Head of Sadlers Ware; the

Rate of Duty was altered from it. 7d. per Dozen to £.IO. lot.

- - - - - *5.794 ~ — *3,*33 4 a 13,164 9 11 9»567 4 — per Gent, on cheir Value.

52 19 9 53 9 — 15 *7 4* 1a 6 67 4 5 49 H 11 Carpets — an Alteration from 11. 4d. per Piece to id. per Yard.

IZ — »4 8 — 272 12 — >56 12 — 284 4 — 501 — — *

18 — 3^7 12 — 267 18 — *53 18 — 279 6 — 456 — —

fcoS r 1 a 6- l *7 11 123 11 11 46 18 3 206 *5 10 428 — 3

30 *3 4 5 7 12 8 a *5 5 — 30 fa 5l 13° 4 »*i

- - - - 3°9 5 " 366 — — 734 18 6 18 6

181 10 9 I Colony Trade — various additional Rates wereenacted, to equalise

14 — si with the Duties payable in Great Britain.

. . - 60 10 a 1* 5 — 10 6 '{ 54 a 4

- . - - - i*»33 ic \ 1,120 11 sl 1,718 10 10 1,161 — IO

- - - - - 94^ — 4* 4-307 *9 9 7>5*4 1a 6 7,434 — a Cotton Twist — an Alteration from 1 \i. per Pound to £. 10. ior.

- - - - 69 2 4 5H 6 10 aco 5 " 233 6 4 per Cent, oo its Value.

3 So — IC 2C1 *3 11 2C7 14 4 1,165 16 1 *»778 1 3 2,580 9 4i Deals — various new Rates made payable according to the Dimen* lions of Deals.

1S8 IO 7\ 275 2 6 25i H —

_ . - . - - - 475 a 6 251 H -

- 136 2 6 ICO *7 6

Placed under Miscellaneous Articles.

- - - - - 490 18 8 276 — 6 222 18 i 220 — 10} Placed under the Head of Drugs, but hss been noted particularly

*,5 3 7 1,tea 9 >.595 9 10 1,100 6 8 2>935 6 s *.539 7 3 since the Additional Duty was laid on.

Im General* 8. :ks, but their Quantities and Values were placed under the General Heads given in the Column of Observations opposite to each of their Reference were made to ever) original Entry passed in Ireland during the Period of the Account required.

VOL. 57.

10 L

Appendix, (No. 58.) 21* M

c$*n*usa.

ACCOUNT of the Net Produce

ARTICLES upon which any T A X, or Additional or Increased DUTY,h» been Impoffd from 1791 to 1801, in the CUSTOM DEPARTMENT; with the Rate of Additional Tax.

Commencement of

Hog*, or Pip, Exported Hoofs, Exported Hop*, Imported Hotfes, Exported

O w H cA

Lead

J Red -

i White ... Licorice Root ... Lock* ... Spring Locks Leather, Manufactured

O

eu Oil Cloth

D°

Oil, Rape

Oxen, Cows, or Steers, Exported D#....

/^Paper — See Column of Observations

Do.

t other th»n Blue, Brown, Cap. Card,

J Gold, PrelTing, or Hangings D° - - Blue, Brown, and Fretting Paper Hangings ..... Paileboardt -

Pepper ——

Pins,

Rotin, not Bricifla Plantation Sale - fRock -D° .

CR->(

I White -

{Rock White -

— Sec Observations

Skins, Calf, Exported — D° D®

H

U

O

a*

2

£ r. d.

O 2 O each.

5 0 O per Centum.

0 4 8 per Cwt

- 0 3 each.

0 t 6 per Cwt.

0 1 0 per Cwr.

0 0 o\ per Cwt.

0 0 oi per Doaen.

- 0 0 * per Pound.

- 0 0 o\ per Yard.

0 0 9 per Yard.

- 6 5 o{ per Tun.

_ 0 z 3 per Head.

0 3 3 per Head.

0 0 a per Pound.

1- 0 0 1 per Pound.

0 0 1 per Pound.

- 0 0 per Yard.

0 10 0 per Cwt.

0 0 2 per PounJ.

0 0 cj per i2,ooooPins.

- 0 0 oj per Cwt.

0 0 oj per Ton.

- °l 0 o1; per Bushel.

- a1 3 11 per Ton.

- 0 1 6i per Bushel.

0 0 1 per Pound.

IS -

3i per Pound. 10 per Gallon, per Gallon, per Gallon, per Gallon, per Gallon.

z 10$ per Cwt.

Slate*

Snuff ....

Spirit ), Brandy and Genera D° Rum -

D° Brandy, Geneva, and Rum

D° - D° - D° - D° -

D° Rum -Sugar, Raw, British Plantition

D° East India. — See Observations D° Raw, including East India D° D° Britisha Plantation.

D° Refined ——

D° D®....

Tea, various Additional Rates, according to Value

D° D°..... . -

L* Black, at lid. per Pound, Green, at \ d. per Pound, besides various Add I Duties, according to Value ——

TEN PER CENT, on the Duties on all Goods Imported, except Wines, Sugars, Teas, Hops, and Salt, and except Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies and Settlements - - - ....

2 8| per Cwt.

0 74 per Cwt.

7 io£ per Cwt.

1 4 per Cwt.

D®

D®

i j ( Toba< I.poted J D#

Tobacco -

Tonnage

D®

O

w

e

cA

o

e.

2

Wax, Bees....

Wine J F"nch "

g Madeira, Port, and Spanish -

po J French -

\ Madeira, Tort, and Spanish -

Qo E French -

Madeira, Port, and Spanish -

£ s. d.

O 0 1 per Pound.

O 0 a per Pound.

0 0 x per Ton.

O 0 1 per Ton.

0 *5 0 per Cwt.

9 0 0 per Tun.

6 0 0 per Tun.

9 0 0 per Tun.

6 0 0 per Tun.

9 0 0 per Tun.

6 0 0 per Tun.

Total

YEARS ENDING

Additional Duty. 1792. 1 793* '794- 1 7 95-

£ * * £. J. £ * * £. t. d.

Session - 1797

- - - I7V4 ... - 5 — —

- - - 179* - - - - .

- - - *793 ... " "* 49 4 — 46 5 —

- - - 1793 ... — 5 9 — 10 6

- - - >794 - - - 60 — —

- - - *793 - . 1 15 5 2 13 —

- - - 1793 ... " - " 1 13 9 21 1 a

- - 1793 ... - 611 6 — 580 10 —

- - . 1794 - - - 1793 $* *3 4

- - - 1793 - . in 9 *3 5

J - - 1793 - - . 466 19 7 528 11 6

J - - *797

37 7 *

515

- - - 1793 - 304 6 6 348 >4 »

- - - 1793 - - - ... 11 17 — 9 *7 *

- - - 1791 8,658 it 8 6,126 5,400 13 4 4,660 19 a

- - - 1791 20,94a 1 a 8 18,637 17 4 10,691 2 — 16,631 10 8

- - - 1792 - 21,877 l6 1 17,61419 1 *9*99 S 6

- - - 179* - - - 770 19 3 M19 9 1 1*394 13 3

6.577

| - - *79*

| - - *797

1,825 4 6£

- - 1793 - -- . 193 10 — 226 13 9

J - - *79*

J - - *797

..... 29,601 4 4 48,511 12 8 1 42,424 15 2} 63*858 7 8

Ao/e. — This Account cannot be dated so as to comprehend the A&u&l Net Produce, it

of each IpeciEc Article upon which there

Inspector General*i Office, Dublin, April 30th iSoa.

42 Geo. III.

Appendix*

65

of all TAXES, &c. — coni in nJ.

i5-.h of MARCH,

r

»*Sa6 16 9,360 n

JM*1 M — j,7»i 13 4

944 4 3

*0*497 6 9

<1 5 " u" U 4 4.* 71 4 —

1796. 1 7 97* 1798. 1799. 1800. l8oi.

£ ' d. £ d £ < d £ ' * d. £ > J-

- - - 673 6 *57 14 — 294 l8 162 10 —

2,732 I — 2,330 IO 8 1,846 5 IO}

122 17 6 80 5 36 11 3 34 3 9 71 2 6 25 12 6

m _ . 149 6 6 111 t 10 228 IV 7i 166 1 —

- - - 393 17 116 19 1 176 II 7 216 17

— l6 6 — 8 — — 9 6 — 9 4 — 9 11 — 7 I

24 8 7 55 »* 11 71 10 2 92 19 — 119 5 to 89 10 2

5 *6 — *5 10 3 3 7i 1 11 -v > 9 — 5 3 7

- - - r 5 3 33 6 9 30 10 6 70 14 6

2 12 — 3 *4 5 31 a 4 17 18 8 - 41 6 2

i,i*3 *4 6 4*4 19 9 3*4 53 7 6 I*°49 14 9 285 1 6 417 x* —

1,506 7 6 411 15 6 6-3 4 —

i»39 *° — 1,176 5 — 1.116 4 4 1*490 *3 1,03* 3 8 1,427 10 3

7*5 969 17 3 7*3 »s ;t

- 48 16 2 *»7 9 3

- - - - 6 10 6 1 8 6 7 15 3 11 ix 9

*3 *5 — 24 —

- - - - 1,094 — — 5*5 1* — *,5*5 i* 6 538 15 2

10 15 7 9 *4 4 45 17 8 41 »o 82 14 5 90 1-

13 8 4 4 3 4 6 7 , j ic. 4 3 9 3 1

45* *5 8 610 9 8 163 7 21 466 »s si 34* i4 icj 160 4 91

- - - - 33.973 11 i\ 9°>S,7»» *1 *9*446 - 82,337 18 icj

9 14 1 49 «4 2 125 16 6 1 w 219 13 3 76 4 4

*34- — SiO — — 400 — 65O — — 7*3 - — 365

J67 *7 10 4 9 2 *5* 4 1 117 17 5 334 5 7 394 13 4

lt),|6o I 0

tj-yo IO 6

461 7

*05$ 9

12.191 — —

*5*33*' 1 —

1,838 n icjj 1,9:9 19 4i

3*6 14 5

474 4 7

79*°7* »» 1

aci 10 ic 1,657 6 S

31,107 15 3

2,386 18 1

29^93 11 10

541 10 4

7,114 *

i*539 — —

l7*ocS *i

35*59i >* 3

1 11 3

638 8 4

4»i1* ——

*,*95 — 4

31*547 2,707 8 5 30,440 3 —

133 9 10

10,225 5 7 11,469 12 —

35,617 ——

22^38 12 13

1,748 5 3i

i,74* 3i

46 S 9

31,910 — 8 8,523 ti 10

8,523 11 10

111,538 7 6{

20,122 19 —

40*145 i* —

1.642 15 1

1.642 15 1

405 6 10 40,99* * 7 40492 2 7

219,63414 *

4»i,*7i 7 1

- 5*

*! 7 6

12 419 g —

9,844 11 6 n*4*5 6 9

34420 8 4 601 18 4 32,659 8 11

75* *3 7

9450 14 10 12,710 3 8

34*73 *7 1

54,002 7 3

59*401 11 11J

21.701 1 1 45*404 4 *

1.157 11 7

1.157 1* 7

624 3 —

68490 18 11

68490 18 XI

9,106 11 —

36»705 6 8

31492 18 7^ 3*49* 15 »

55,058 ——

62,675 19 4

M37 7 6

5*617 17 —

13*97* 1 10

411 4 10 481 14 8

10,131 — 6 1*944 — — *9,582 2 7,

*53,171 8 6 *5*599 13 4 28,334 1* 5

56,669 16 10

2.100 6 |

2.100 6 — }

268 5 10 *9>3*3 4 *9»3*3 *9>3*3 4

6»9*5$» 9 9i

OBSERVATIONS.

Placed under MifceUaneous Articles.

Placed under the General Held of Iron and Hardware.

Varior. % additional Rate#, according to the Value of the Article.

Different Rates, according to the Denomination of Skins.

C The Doty on Calf Skin* Exported was altered from I per Doaen, not exceeding 36 lbs. Weight, to 5 per Cent.

without ReffridBona -

An Alteration from it. id. per Thtufand to £. 10. 10/ per Cent.

as to

Weight. The Produce increased by the Alteration it estimated as truly as poffibk.

776,164 9

An Alteration from i6t. 3 d per Cent, to £.40. 10 r. d. per Cent, on Value.

1

In 1798 the Duty was lowered to £. 1. 171. 11 d. per Cwt.

From the many Regulations made at different Times of the Duties on TEAS Imported, various Rates having been at each Period laid on, according to the particular Value of " each Quantity, and the An* null Quantities Imported at each Description of Value never having been kept dif-tinct, it is impossible to ascertain the real Effect produced by every new Regulation. The Produce of Additional Duty is computed on this Principles vis. of a Comparative State* ment of what the Quantity at each New Duty would have produced, in proportion to the TotaJ Quantity and Duty of the preceding Years* Importation; which, deduced from the actual and known Produce under the New Rate, gives the-Increase of Duty.

The Three Amounts of Produce thus marked have been estimated; no particular Account of the Produce having been kept from the Period of their Consolidation; the First 10 per Cent, was Consolidated Section 1709, and the Second in Seinon 1800.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 21? Maiiy continued.

bring to dedoft, with Prec-fion, the Proportion of Management, Ac. Ac. out

was aa Additional or increasci Product.

Robert Marshall,

Iofpe&or General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland.

Appendix

A. 1802

ppendix,

No. 58.)

outinutj.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Net Produce in each Year, commencing the 25th March, of all TAXES, and Additional or Increased DUTIES,

lw Aprilis.

the Net Produce of the

(EXCISE

MALT. STRONO WATERS. HIDE DUTY. AUCTIONS. # CLASS BOTTLES, i

Rate of Add'tional Duties imposed. Produce of Rate of Additional Duties imposed. Produce of i

YEARS commencing 15th March Their Amount. all Additional Duties imposed ft nee March »791- Their Amount. all Additional Duties imposed since March 1791. Rate of Duty. Amount. Rate of Duty. Amount. Rate of Duty. Amount, j

C ' £ *. 4. £ A £ i. 4. £ 1. 4. £. 1. 4. £ t. 4.

*79* ——

179* ——

«793 ——

*794 9i. p. Barrel 65.7*3 >3 — 65.7*3 >3 —

*795 ir. - D° 159.5*7 *9 4 104,416 14 10 44. p.Gallon 6i.744 >3 8 6i,744 *3 8 Various Rates, as below. 17.4*' 4 3i

179* 173,682 14 3 64,452 18 — - D® - 9*595 10 "1

1797 *63,745 6 3 79,732 it 4 - D® - 10,300 18 8J 64. and 34. on Amount of 1,291 10 5J 34. per Doxen 944 '5 ?1

Sales, per £.

179S 9d. p. Barrel 65.947 S 10 218,in 5 10 6d. p. Gallon 106,329 13 6 177,216 a 6 - D® - 18,791 8 7} - Do - *,354 6 6 - D® - 648 x 3

>799 6 4. - D® 14.34* 5 182/324 18 s 64. - D« 90,537 9 — *4*.433 4 — 7d. per Cubic Foot, on content of Tan Pits. 50,739 14 — - D° - 4 >001 3 — - Do - ,354 «5 = t 11

1S00 34,726 16 — 18,516 9 4 - D® - 50,5*1 7 *1 - D* - 3,382 16 ill - D» - 1,926 6 i{

Amount of Excise received on the Stock of Foreign Wines on

15th March x795

25th March 1797

15U1 March 1799

HIDE DUTIES:

- Hides, tanned ——

Horse Hides ——

Veal Kipps, Runners, and Hog Skins -

Seal Skins, and Skins for Shoes, and like Purposes -

Skins for Bookbinders Use ——

----- -- The following Duties were imposed in Addition to the above:

Coat and Sheep Skins tanned with Shumack -

Sheep and Lamb Skins for Glovers, and Basils tanned

Hides of all Sorts, except as after described ----«

Deer, Goat, and Beaver Skins, drelfed in Oil -

Calve Skins ——

Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil -

Vellum, for every Dosen Skins ——

Parchment — D® — D® - -

s. d.

0 1 per pound wt.

1 o each.

5 o per Dosen.

1 6 D® x o Do

o x per lb. o D° o % D# o 3 Do o 1 D® o of o 6 0 3

- - The Mode of charging the Duties on Tstaud Letibtr was discoatinued, and a Duty of yd. per Cubic Foot, was imposed on the Content of the Tan Pits in use.

42 Geo. Ill

Appendix

S65

9

Imposed in Ireland, from 1791 to 1801 ;-^-Distingui(Ling the Nature and Commencement of each; its Amount in tach Year; a$d the Total Amount of Whole in each Year.

DEPARTMENT.)

Appenc

(No. 5:

continue

2.2* Apr

PAPER HANGINGS. 1 MEAD. # I HOME MADE WINES. V1NECAR. WRITING PAPER. # TOTAL

T O TA L,

! of the New and including

Race of Duty. Amount. ' Rate of Duty. i Amount, j ! Rate of Duty. Amount ^'Additional Duty. Totri Amount. Rate of Duty. Amount. Rate if Duty. Amount1 of Additional Duty. Total Amount. Additional Duties imposed within the Year. the former Additional Duties.

c 1. / I i £ 1. £ ' £ d. £. 1. d. £. r. d. £ ' d. £ £.

— — f ——

..... 1 . t . i 65,7*3 *3 — *38.753 >7 3l 65»7*J *3 ,85.64* 9*

id. per S^aaic Yard. 1 I.C9* *J ?! 1 19,595 to 11} *3.635 »* 7H ,57,73* 3 ,67.U3*«

- D* . ES: 3 ic Various Rates, aa below. maw 4>7*7 5 6 99,670 9 — J 4i8/)03 9 6*-

1 1,25s 10 3 411 p.Gallon. i 45 11 4 1 10 r. per Barrel - - - 144 IO — 3 r. p. Barrel S3 — - D* - U» m xi,616 3 4} '95>°93 6 li 498.3* 17 '*

- D* - l,:9& 10 10 ' - D° - "9 17 — [. 4 101. additional Duty. *45 «® 4 in «5 »ii - D« - jo 4 lo{ \d. per lb. Ad- dit'onal on Writi ig Pa \ per. >.'5* 6 9 11,520 13 xo 69,378 t »i Si

Hands the 25th of March 1S00 # 48^7* 4 *«} 4C47*J

TOTAL of the Year 1 Soo £ 117,849 8 — 171,09* 13

fO Tb. Artie lei that marked # are New Dutia

PAPER DUTIES:

«. <L

25th March 179! - - Every Pound Weight cf Writing Paper was charged with a Duty of - - - o 2

D* - - Coloured and Whited Brown Papers - - - - -or

D° - - All other Kinds, except Sheathing and Button Paper, and Paper Hangings - - o a

D® - - Brown Paper for wrapping up Goods - -- oof

Every Hundred Weight of Parte, Mill, and Scale Board - - 10 o

Do ----- - Glased Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preflers - - - -50

a$th March 1799 - - A Duty eras laid on Paper for Hangings, of per Pound Weight - - - - 01

D° - - 00 Sheathing Paper, per Cwt. of - - - - -xoo

D° - - on Button Paper, and Button Board, per lb. - - - - o of

a

Ntte^U the Duty on the Weight of Paper, manufactured in each Month of the First and Second Classes of Paper, did not amount to £. 16. 131. 4d. and oa Third CUft to £.8. 61. % d. the Manufacturer was subject to the Payment of those Charges.

05th March iSco - Aa Additional Duty was laid on Writing Paper of \i. per lb. malting in all - - - - *}

And the Eng* ne Charge raised to £.10. 161. S d. per Month.

Sam. Wood,

Af*‘ exam* of Exdfl

VOL. 57.

10 M

An ACCOUNT of the Valui of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Ireland, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing the Value of Iiifh Produce and Manufactures Exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of Irish Produce and Manufactures Exported in the Year ending the 5th January 1802.

YEARS* OFFICIAL VALUE of IMPORTS. _ 1 OFFICIAL i IRISH PRODUCE and I MANUFACTURES. VALUE OF S FOREIGN MERCHANDIZE Exported.

£ /. d. /. d. £ ' d.

'1785 - - - - 3.056.39+ 14 11 3,732.c68 _i /1 42,502 — 8

1786 - - - - 3.430,623 3 a 3.956.736 11 \\ 54,174 16 H

1787 - - - 3.417,281 2 3*' 4.738,333 .4 2] 62,314 — 4f

1788 - - - - 3.870,14+ 16 8i 4,5)1,664 1 6 45,346 3 7

« r 1789 - - - 3.7$o,6ci 3 — 4,103,339 12 6J 41,663 9 9l

1790 - -- - 3,829,914 2 li 4,826,360 17 ni 28,939 — 3*

1791 - - 4.07«.794 4 2i 4,863,426 5 4 79*>74 >4 2i

1792 - - - - 4.338,013 4 7 5,321.290 2 j\ 66,470 3 *

>793 . - . 4,085,149 J7 9i 4,995,406 12 2 52,186 18

Ending 25th March - - - t

>794 - - -' - 3,216,405 8 *i 4,639,301 1 2 25,861 17 H

>795 - - - - 4.143,296 12 2 4,704.732 16 31 46,6c! 19 11

>796 - - - - 4,656,608 5 3} 5,013,283 12 7J 51,049 10

>797 - - - - 4.436,943 — 7 i 4.533,693 > 7l 37.°72 3 6}

1798 - - - 3.396,880 *5 6} 4,316,592 11 62,141 10 1 r

>799 - - - - 4 393.015 1 3* 4,455.339 11 7i 138,575 16 9i

1800 - - - 6,183,457 — Si 3,903.841 9 — 175,430 9k

1801 - - - 5.584,596 10 s 3,570.338 2 8 248,724 5 4r

1802 - — 1

Appendix, (No. 59.)

2 70 Aprilis.

Inspector GeneraPs Office of Imports and Exports, )

Dublin, February 28th 1802. J Rob' MarJ!:a!!>

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland.

THERE is no Declared Valae for Ireland; as the Merchants Exporters here are not obliged to declare the Real Value, as has been the Practice in England in consequence of the Convoy Act. The Inspector General has, however, made an Account of the Real Value, by computing the Quantity of each Article Exported, according to the Price Current in Ireland, on which Rates the Value of Ir;fh Produce and Manufactures Exported from Ireland to all Parts, amounted in the Year 1800, to C- 5»^34»36J* io;* an<* in the Year 1801, to £.5,001,370. 15/. 4d.

The Account of the Value, up to 5th January lait, is preparing with as much Dispatch as the Nature of the Statement will aJmit of.

Appendix*

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually Built and (No. $$) Kcgilicred in tRe several Ports of IRELA N I), between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1 £02, Apri'is

______________ , ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ->

year; Vessels. Tonnage

' Ending the 5th January 1790 - 73 3.163

>79* - So *334

>79* A - 5*

C\ 1 1 1 1 f 1 - - 4* 1,629

*79+ - - 3S 1.639

>795 - - 3* >44*

*796 - 33 1.654

17 97 - - 32 1,802

17 9s - >9 797

1799 - 20 1,072

1S00 - - 18 l, IOj

1801 - - 22 1,680

1802 - - 21 W OO Cm

e —

ao.h Fcbiuary 1802. m Fra‘ L. Morgan. Depf Reg' Gen1 of Shipping.

An ACCOUNT of the Nut he.- of VE $ SE LS, and the Amount of their TANNAGE, and the Humber of Men ar»d Boys ufua.ly fntj'oycd n Navi'ratirp "he fane, wiih'ti belonged to the several Ports of IRELAND, on the 3°-h of September in each Year rclptclive'y, during the Year, <739, 1790, (791. 179a, 1793, 1794, 179J» *79^> 17S7» >798» *799> 1800, and 1801.

YEARS.

Endirg the 3-jth September 1789 .....>79°

.....*79*

.....<793

.....*794

.....>795

.....«795

.....*797

.....>793

.....*799

- ..... 1800

----- --- i8ji

a'11 i'elru ry :8oa.

Ships. Tons. Men.

1080 64,361 6,231

34 68,236 6,720

.176 69,230 6,638

1,>93 6 9)67 6,730

i, j 81 67,791 6,437 s

1,166 65,164 6.274

1,099 58,778 S-S98

1.078 56.575 5,402

i,c4? 53,181 5,104

1 025 49.987 4,919

999 49825 4.835

1,003 54,262 5>°57

1,004 \ S4.*+* 4.875

Fra‘ L. Morgan,

' Dept Regr Gen' of Shipping.

868

Appendix

A. 1802

Appendix,

(No. 59.)

14* Aprilis. v ----- ----- S

Asr ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnaci, and the Namber of Men and Boys employed IRELAND, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1802; — distinguistring each

bound*, — and distinguishing Ireland and the British

YEARS ending 25th March ... 17 95- a - 1796. 7 97-

„ INWARDS INWARDS. INWARDS. I A ~

COUNTRIES. TOTAL, SHIPPING; Via. British, British,

British, Irish, and Foreign. Irish, and Foreign. i Irish, and Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Toni. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

Canaries 2 245 > - 13 1*495 3 256

Denmark and Norway 264 38,8;8 I - 2 5-3 40,8! O - - 336 55.258 -

Kail Country - T2 *3»775 - 59 10,376 - 90 18.517 -

England ... 5*»39 445,021 - - 5,292 458,61 1 - - So 43 497,283 -

France - 2 180 - - 8 l,l8o - . - 6 848 -

Germany - ... 5 655 - - *3 2,836 - - 21 2.339 -

Holland - 46 5*549 - - 2 249 - - 10 1,2 10 -

Italy - - - 10 I.28O - . 5 560 - 1 12 1 »3-3 -

Madeiras - - 2 210 _ . 109 - I 45 -

Portugal - - - - 104 12,197 - - 104 11,628 - T »3£ 15-745 -

Russia - 70 11,297 - - 34 4.65.3 - - 62 10,101 -

Scotland - - - 1,054 59,9681 - - 1,103 64,931 - " 2,056 109,474 -

Spain m m S* 5,630 - - 65 6,406 - - 30 3,070 -

Streights -

Sweden - - - 73 8,512 . - 55 7,019 - - S* 6,517 -

Turkey

Guernsey, Iste - 7 65I _ 33 2,225 - . *3 7S8 .

Jersey, Iste 4 2 20 - - 9 525 - - 5 252 -

Man, Iste - ... 6 226 - \ - 11 319 - - 35* l,c6j -

Antigua - 9 1,126 4 659 . _ 4 5 51

Barbadoes - 3 446 . 2 273 - - 1 192 -

Bermudas - t . 1 48 -

Carolina - - 3 377 - . 3 475 - - 8 1,151 -

Georgia -- i 208 1 118 - 1 207 .

Guadaloupe - - - 1 188 - - - — _

Hudson's Bay 1 6l „ " I 1 134 _

Jamaica . »s 2,147 - . 12 1,859 . 9 1,100

Martinique - - 10 1,234 10 1,233 - - 11 1,313 -

Montserrat -

New England ... *4 2,045 22 2,837 . - 13 1,819

Newfoundland 19 1,629 - . 10 837 - - 14 1.232 .

New Providence . - 4 921 . 1 225

New York - 4- 7,094 - 37 6,815 - - S3 9»747 -

Nova Scotia - - - 1 78 _ _

Pennsylvania finrhT _ . - *4 4.461 - 18 3>oi4 ' *3 2, S9S -

St. Eustatia , 95 _ __ _

St. Kitt's - - 2 270

Tortola /

Virginia and Maryland »9 2.543 - - 10 i,66* - 22 4,02 2 - i

West Indies, in general 6 1,132 - 2 180 - 3 298:

Total - - - 7,086 630,506 - 7,203 634>274 59*7 7 2 3,562 74s»4 *7 48,33*

Of the above there were. I

f Of British and Irish Property - 6,770 580,536 - - 6.783 568,224 - - 8,074 667,212 -

f, Of Foreign Property 3*6 49.970 - - 420 66,050 - - 488 81,215 -

Property of Ireland . 1*205 85,761 - - 1,328 91,706 - - 1,636 102,605 -

Property of British Plantations in America and the West Indies 44 4.787 - - 18 2,424 - - *3 2,007 -

AW. — Until the Year 1795, ^ere was not any Account kept of the Countries with which the Shipping of Ireland traded, of it, as hereby required, cannot be complied with. The Custom-House Books, exhibiting the Countries wi:b Shipping from those Countries; nor have they distinguished the Shipping of British and Irish Property f.om bnt their Annual Amount arc distinguished at the Bottom of each Co'umn, under the Total of ca.h Year; had not been any Account whatsoever kept of the Number of Men ar.i Boys.

N. B. Until the Year 1802, the Custom-House Bocks of Ireland stated the Years as ending the 25th of

lor the Quarter ending the 5th of January

N. B. The latter Part of the Heading of this Account, requiring Ireland and the British Plantations in America 2nd the West Indies

be found represented in the Two Lines

5 th March 1802,

in Navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which Entered Inwards, and Cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Year; — and distinguishing Jana from Foreign Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were Plantations in America and the West Indies.

Appendix1,

(N°. 59.)

14° j4pr

continued.

Under the Denomination u liifli Vessels,'* all Vessels >.ot Foreign, are here included.

and as yet only of the Shipping entered Inwards; thus this Account can only commence from that Period; and the Outvoice Part which the Shipping of Ireland have traded as above mentioned, have not heretofore dated the Number of Men navigating the those of Foreign Property; hence, in that Part of this Account, the British and Foreign Shipping are both unavoidably blended, and, with respect to the Number of Men, the Total only could in like Manner be distinguished. Prior to the Year 1796, there

March; but the Account for the Year ending the 5th of January 1802 cannot at present be furnished, as all the Returns of Tonnage laR have not been yet received.

to be distinguished, it is presumed, alludes to Vessels the Property of those Places; they arc accordingly distinguished, and are to immediately preceding these Notes,

Samuel Walker

Akl Exr of C\

Vol. 57. - to N

V

Appendix,

(No. 60.)

15* Aprilis. ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to the ift Day of March 1802, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of

----- - ----- -} Goods and Merchandize of The East India Company in Great Britain; and of their Commercial and other Receipt*,

Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Cash remaining in their Treasury; and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

Amount of the PROCEEDS of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of thr?r Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Edimate of the same for the Current Year.

RECEIPTS: - - - - ift March 1S01 to ift March 1801 - - - - PAYMENTS:

Cash in the Treasury on ift March 1801 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on Tea

Company's Goods fold -

£ ' d-

- 930,589 l8 —

- 6,336,191 18 6

Honourable Board of Ordnance* for Saltpetre delivered ——

Private Trade Goods fold -

Charges and Profit on Private Trade

Customs ----- on Ditto -

Freight.....on Ditto -

One Year's Interest received of the Bank of England, being the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Ad 33 Geo. Ill, Cap. 47 -

Government, on Account of Stores and Supplies

Persons returned from India -

Bonds issued ——

Loyalty Loan ——

6o,coo — — 1,742,154 12 11 193,562 19 6 102,987 6 9

168,321 6 —

36,226 15 10 40,900 18 9

1,320 16 5

67,000 — — 70,031 5 —

£ 9>749>2®7 17 8

Customs -

Freight and Demorage -

Goods and Stores Exported -

Indian Debt ——

Bills of Exchange drawn from India

— - - Ditto - - China

Bullion Exported - - - '

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, Buildings, Interest on Loans, Commercial Residents in India, &c.

Indigo Contradors -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds - -Bonds paid off ——

Bonds paid in on Sales, and bought up Proprietors of Private Trade -Almshouses at Poplar -Captains whose Ships are worn out -

£ ' '

263*773 <9 4

- 1,444,161 16 5

- 2,014,786 l6 9

- 473-39° 6 1

- 610,123 4 1

- .475*728 *6 —

- 655,058 4 9

749,536 3 11

*-3*7 9 9

704,403 12 1

53° ——

108,000 -- —

I.9S9-958 6 3

4,109 9 2

64,213 15 4

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough,

and retired from Service - 49,216 7 11

£.9,580,528 12 10 Balance of Cash on ift March 1802 - 168,759 410

£.9.749,287 17 s

ESTIMATE of the same for the

Caffi in the Treasury on ift March 1802 (Morn- £. x. </. ing) exclusive of Duty on Tea - - - . 168,759 _ —

Company's Goods fold, and to be sold - - 6,500,600 _ —

Honourable Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre - 48,000 — —

Private Trade Goods fold before ift March 1802 600,000 — _

Charges and Profit on Private Trade - - 130,000 — —

One Year's Interest, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on £.1,207,559. !5* the Company's Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Act of Parliament ----- 36,226 —

Persons returned from India Loyalty Loan

- 15,000

- 282,926

7*781,511

Balance against, ift March 1803 - 1,434,556

Current Year, from ift March 180a to ift March 1803:

Customs ——

Freight and Demorage -Goods and Stores Exported -Indian Debt - -

Bills of Exchange from India and China -Bullion to be Exported -

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra Cargoes Commission, Interest on Loans, Commercial Residents in India, Buildings. See.

Indigo Contradors - -

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds Bonds drawn to be paid off -Proprietors of Private Trade -Captains whose Ships are worn out -

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough, and retired from Service -Warrants passed the Court unpaid -Buyers of Tea returned -

Bank, for a Loan on Mortgage of the Annuities Bank, for a Loan on Bond -

£ 9»216,067 — —

£ '

142,035 ——

1 636,752 ——

1,804,692 — — 2S 1,900 — — 1,232,200 — — 1,000,000 — —

750.000 3,500 -

730.000

7

675.000 51,300

50,000 42,200 971

700.000

100.000

£.9,216,067 ——

A STATEMENT of their BOND DEBTS and SIMPLE CONTRACT DEBTS, with the Rates of Interest they respective!y carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of CASH remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat, on the ill Day of March 1802. v

To Bonds bearing Interest at jT. 5 per Cent, per Annum ——

To B or.ds not bearing Interest -

To Bills of Exchange unpaid from China - -

To Ditto ----- -- India

To Ditto - -

----- - India, on Account of the Indian Debt -

To Customs on Goods fold and unfold

To the Bank, for a I nan on Mortgage of the Annuities, at jT. 4 per Cent, per Annum -

To D itto, on Bond, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum

To Ditto, for Interest on the above Loans.

To Freight and Dcmorage -

To Supra Cargoes Commission on Goods fold and unfold ——

To Proprietors of Private Trade on all Goods

fold....

To Almshouses at Poplar -

To Interest on Military Fund more than applied

To Ditto . - Contingent - - Ditto

To what owing in the Department of the Committee ot Shipping, exclusive of Exports

To what owing for Bonds issued to Commander* uhofe Snips arc worn out -

To Warrants passed the Court unpaid

To what owing for Teas returned by the Buyers, and refold ——

To what ow ing to Contractors for Indigo -

To Interest on Bonds -

To Dividends on Sleek -

£ ' d.

1,446,112 — —

>5*5«7 ——

365,222 ——

S *7*397 -

74,757 ——

>35*773 -

700,000 -

100,000 — —

10,666 —

330,000 — —

72,000 — —

£ ' d.

1,207,560 — —

675,000

65,581

14,92!

3*303

50,600 -

83,184 — 42,200 --

97 —

3.500 —

51 *579 — 54,400 —

By what due from Government to the Company

By Cash, its Balance on ill March 1802, including Cacti belonging to the separate Fund - - -' - £.153,242

By Cash reserved to pay off Bonds

advertised to be paid off - - 15,517

----- ----- ---168,759 -

By the Amount of Goods fold not paid for - - 2,070,000

By the Honourable Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre delivered ----- - 48,000

By the Value of Goods in England unfold - - 4,011,078

By Cargoes from England not arrived in India and China at the Dates of the several Quick Stocks ----- -- 2,382,144

By Exports paid for, exclusive of Bullion - - 1,273,302

By Silver exported this Season, and remaining in

the Treasury paid for ----- 275,649 <

By Impress and War Allowances paid Owners of

Ships not arrived in England - 393*137

By the Value of Ships, Sloops, and Vessels, cx-

elusive of those stationed abroad - 75,710 -

By the Value of the East India House and Warehouses, &c. ----- - 970,179

By what due from Government for Stores and Supplies to His Majesty's Troops, &c. as per Account made up to 1 ft February 1802 -

- 3>573>339 ——

By what owing from sundry Persons returned from

India, and in India, to be repaid in England - 70,977

— (| By Loyalty Loan nnfold, estimated to produce - 282,926

£. 16,802,760 — —

Balance in Favour

£ 4.822,683 —

- Il,980,077 —

£- 16,802,760 — —

East India House, 7 the 13th April 1802. 3

(Errors excepted.)

Chai Cartwright,

Accomptant General.

Appendix, (No. 60.)

150 Aprilis.,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of New or Increased Salaries, Establishments, or Pensions, payable in Great Britain, which have been Granted or Created between the ill March 1801 and the ill March 1802.

£. 2,000 ----- -Pension to the Right honourable Henry Dundas.

200 — - D° ----- ----- Lieutenant Colonel Robert Brooke, late

Governor of St. Helena.

200 - - - Salary - - Mr. C. Wilkins, the Company's Librarian.

100 ----- -D° - - - Major James Cuninghame, Inspector of

Military Stores.

1,240 - — Sundry small Annuities and Pensions, and Increase of ----- -- Salary to several J unior Clerks, &c.

£-h7-;o

1

Am ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all New TAXES Imposed, or Additional or Increased DUTIES Enabled to be paid, within Ireland, since ift January i£ci: Specifying the Nature and Commencement of each; and the Total Amount, as far as the same can be made up.

There have not been any New or Additional Duties imposed in this Department since the ift January 1801.

Sam. Hoody

Afs* Exam* of Excise.

Appendix, (No. 61.) 12* Apr

An ACCOUNT cf aM TAXES or DUTIES, or Additional or Increased Duties, which have ceased to be payable in Ireland, at any Time since the 2^th March iSco; specifying the Time when each ceased respectively; and distinguishing the Produce of each, for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its ceasing, or for such Time less than the said Three Years, as it existed; dillingui'.hing each Year, and the Rate of each Tax or Duty.

There has not any Tax or Duty ceased to be payable in this Department since the 25th March 1800.

Sam. Hoody

Afs* Examr of Excise

Appendix. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 61.)

AfriUsy cent t nut d.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SPIRITS DillilleJ in IRELAND, from the 25th March 1785 to the 25th March i8ot, and thence to the 5th January 1802; dilYingnishing each Year, and the Rate and Amount of Duty paid thereon, and the Spirits dillilled from Sugar or MoLiTes: — Also, the several Period* when the Dillillery was prohibited, during the said Time; specilying the Authority of such Prohibition, and also the Period when Raw Grain or Malt was allowed to be used in the Dillillery.

MALT SPIRITS. MOLASSES Sc SUGAR SPIRITS. TOTAL of BOTH. RATE Pci GALLON'.

Gallon*. Duty. Gallons. Duty. Gallon. Duty.

Year eniing 25th March 1786 c CL 1,849.4.19 s £ ' d. 107,884 II 2} c i£ 1849,439 5 £ d. 107,884 It 2} /. d. I 2

- - - - 87 1.960.418 7 1 *4»3 >7 >5 4i - - - 1,960,418 7 1 >4-357 >5 4*; D°.

..... 88, 1 2,2:9,06} 3 1 ^0,063 13 11| - - - 2,229^.3 3 130,063 13 n| I)®.

..... 89 ! 2,801,429 4 163.4:710 7 - - - 2,801,429 4 I634I7 IO 7 D°.

..... 90 I 2,926,795 6 170.72915 — i - - - 2,926,795 6 170,729 15 — 204,647 12 21 206,1.30 7 — 1 d\

... - 91 I 3 Sr-s-2-i4 6 204,647 12 z\: - - - 3,508,2 14 6

92 ' 3.482 0;} 1 20311917 a Mols 38,027 3,010 9 5 3,520,082 1 D° Sc Mol* at 1 /. 7 J.

..... 93 3.407,468 6 190,769 — 2j D° 28,972 2,293 12 4 3.436,44° 6 201,062 12 D3 - b° - - D°.

..... 94 3.907,023 4 227,909 10 7 D" 29.335 2,322 7 1 3-93.6.3S5 4 N V. p ta OC D° - D3 - - D®.

..... 95 4,2^2,647 - 246.904 8 2 D° 29,589 2,510 6 2\ 4,262,036 — 249414 14 4{ L>° & b° at 1 /. 8 I /.

..... 90 3,681,103 - 276.082 14 6 i3.578 2,799 17 9 3,704,6Sl - 278,882 12 3 I/. 6d. Sc D° at 2s. 4 J

..... 97 3,860,148 - 280,311 2 — D° 7,026 834 6 9 3,867,174 - 290,345 8 9 D° - D®.

..... 98 4,783.954 - 358.795 u — - - - 4,783,954 - 3,8,796 11 — D°.

... - 90 4 2 § 1,16 7 - 4:5.31814 - . 4- 5 3»18 7 - 425.318 14 — 2 r.

- - 18:0 3,621,498 - 452,687 5 - 3 621,498 - 452,687 5 — 2 5. 6d.

... 1801 277>747 - 34.7 >8 7 6 Sugr 1,075,656 192,721 14 — U3S3.403 - 227,440 1 6 D°. & Sugr at 3 /. jd.

Three Qnri to 5th January 1802 2,603 - 325 7 6 D° 361,892 64,838 19 8 364.495 " 65,164 7 2 D® - D° - - D®.

DI ST ILL I N G from Grain was prohibited the 7th April 1800, to the ill September following, by Proclamation of the Lori Lieutenant and Council, the 8th March, grounded on the Resolutions of the House of Commons, and by an Act of Parliament the 24th March, and was lurcher continued to the ill November 1800 by a subsequent Ad, which empowered the Lord Lieutenant to extend the Prohibition to any Time not later than the 25th March 1801; accordingly, on the 28th October 1S00, a Proclamation was idued prohibiting Distillation from Grain to the 25th March 1801, at which Ti ne an Act vva* passed in the Imperial Parliament extending the Prohibition to the 25th March 1802, but which empowered the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland to allow Distillation any Time arter the xit October 1801; in pursuance of which, Distillaiion was allowed on the ill January 1802, by Pioclamation, dated the 19th October 1801.

Raw Grain was allowed to be used, by the Dillillery Ad of 1800, but which did not come into Operation until the ill January 1S02, in conference of the Prohibition,

Sam. Hoed,

Afd Examr of Excise.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of MALT made in IRELAND, from the Commencement of the Malt Duties on the c;th March 178c to the 25th March 1801, and thence to the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year; the Rate and Amount of Duty; and the Periods when Malting was prohibited, either absolutely or partially; and the Authority and Nature of such Prohibition.

Barrels. — -Malt made within the Year. Duty thereon. Barrels. — Malt on Hand when Duty was raiseJ. Additional Da y thereon. TOTAL DUTY. Rate of Duty j.cr BarreL

Year ending St. £ /. d. £ s. d. £ /. d. s. d.

23th March 1786 887,885 4 no 985 x3 4 245,23° 3 30.053 25 „1 /1 141639 8 111 2 6

892,175 6 111,521 18 9 - 111,521 18 D°.

- 88 93 I >200 S 116,400 1 -f I l6 400 1 ""2 D°.

s9 994,304 5 124,2*8 - I 21,288 I — I D°.

929>33 5 7 I 16,166 18 11J - 116.166 18 1 i

- 91 1,174.3°* 6 146,787 ‘3 9 - 146 7S7 x3 9 I)u.

- 92 1,216,970 4 152,121 5 »o - 152.121 5 10 D*.

- - - - 93 i>i9‘»854 0 148,981 >5 - - 148,981 lS — D°.

1,284,378 1 160,547 5 *1 - 160,5.} 7 5 D°.

- - 95 1,242,097. 2 201,840 ‘5 9r 5,0>533 8 *9» 45 — 3 220,985 16 1 2 3 3

- 96 ,»I97>°33 11 314,221 8 -I 398i*4S 8 39,824 11 4 354»°45 *9 4i 5 3

1,263,147 3 33 *.576 3 ~i - 33'-576 3 i 4 i)°.

1,190,87$ 8 312,604 >7 T - - - 312,604 17 3 D®.

- 99 1,124,827 11 3'7»448 7 6 633.770 6 23,766 7 IC'x 361,214 15 4i 6 —

----- 1800 843,900 5 274,267 is 8£ $29,796 10 23>244 18 5 *87,512 11 ii 6 6

1801 i73>634 7 5^,431 4 9i - - . - 56,43! 4 9r D®.

Three Qu,» to

5th January 1802 3^i*533 6 85.3*3 7 9 - 85,3*3 7 9 D®.

M ALTIN'G was prohibited the 10th March 1800, to the ill September following, by Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council, dated 6th March, grounded on the Resolutions of the House of Commons, which was afterwards fandioned by an Act of Parliament, the 24th March, and was further continued to the ill November 1800, by a subsequent Ad, which empowered the Lord Lieutenant to extend the Prohibition to any Time not later than the 25th March 1801; accordingly, on the 30th December 1800, a Proclamation was issued, prohibiting the further making of Malt from the 8th January 1801 to the 25th March following, at which Time the Prohibition was further extended, by an Act of the Imperial Parliament, to the 25th March 1802; but which empowered the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland to discontinue the Prohibition any Time after the III October 1801; in pursuance of which the Prohibition was discontinued on the 19th October, by Proclamation of that Date,

Sam. Hood,

Act Exam* of Exci£»

Aw ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all NEW TAXES Iroposed, or Additional or Increased Duties enacted to be paid within Ireland, since the id of January 1801; specifying the Nature and Commencement of each; and the Total Amount; as far as the same can be made up.

Appendix, (No. 62.)

27' Aprilis.

Nature and Commencement of TAX.

Amount of Produce of each Tax, from the Date of Commencement, to the 5th January iSoi.

TEA

Imported: — From 10th May 1801, the following Duties on Teas were Enacted, in Lieu of those before payable; viz. JT. ao per Centum on all such Teas as were of the Price of 2 /. 6 d. per lb. at East India Company's Sales in London; and £.35 per Centum on the Price of all Teas exceeding 2 /. 6d. British, per lb. Weight ——

o

00

S|*

6 "Si

pc 2 \

o s

» 8 CO g o

Upon all Sugars called Baitards, it. - per Cwt. Additional Duty Upon all D* - called Lumps, 3 r. 9d. per Cwtj - D*

Upon all D° - called Single Loaf Sugar, 4/. per Cwt. «. D°

Upon all D° - called PowderLoaf and Double Loaf, 4/. 3 per Cwt. Upon all Sugar Candy, Brown, 31. 9d. per Cwu D#

Upon all Sugar Candy, White, 4j. 3§ d. per Cwt. - D° -

Upon all Sugar Refined, of any Wher Sort, 4/. 3 \d. per Cwt. - D° Upon all Muscovado and Clayed Sugar, 2 s. per Cwt. - - I)®

D°

COALS: — -Upon all British Coals Imported, 10 &d. per Ton, D° (commenced 10 th May 1801) ——

*8,681 11 6

222 4 2

10,364 8 j

8,076 7 11

47,344 12 2

The Duties payable on Tea, previous to this Alteration, were 5 \d. per lb. on Black Tea, and 7d. on Green Tea; and an Additional Duty of Two Pence for every Sixpence British per lb. paid for the same, above the Price of Two Shillings per lb. at East India Sales*

Dublin, I 15th April 1802.3

Rob1 Marshall,

Inipeolor General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland*

Aw ACCOUNT of all TAXES or DUTIES, or Additional or Increased Duties, which have Ceased to be payable in Ireland, at any Time since the 25th of March 1800; specifying the Time when each ceased respectively: And distingutfiing the Produce of each for the Three Years immediately preceding the Time of its ceasing, or for such Time less than the said Three Years, as it existed; distinguishing each Year; and the Rate of each Tax and Duty.

Names of Ax ticl it upon which any Tar, D* ty, or Additional Duty, has Ceased to be payable in Ireland, since the 25th March jSoo.

3

<3

c:

P9

o

11 I

S\

CO

» — i

H

cC

f Apparel Arms -

Bacon — English Bark -Beer and Ale

Blankets I floured

( Unccloured Books — Unbound

Cables

Candlewick -

Crfs Wool {°;J„

Carpets Carpetting Cheese

Cyder - - - f -

C Wrought C°PPer 1 Unwrought Cordage

Cotton Manufactures, except Callicoes and Mullin -

Date when Duty Ceased;

J

o

es

Rate of Duty which Ceased.

£. t. d.

— 10

— 1

12 14

14 1 per Cent, on Value -14 1 per Cent, on Value -

.8 1 \ per Flitch

1 — per 10 Barrels - *

2 7{ per Barrel

3 4i each 2 7I each — 1 per Pound

10J per Cwt. -2} per Cwt. -9 per Dozen Pair - 1

3 per Dozen Pair - 3

af per Yard -1 per Cent, on Vai

VOL. 57.

a| per Yard -1 per Cent, on Value -5} per Cwt. -i\ per Tun -1 per Cent, on Value -9 per Cwt. -3J per Cwt.

214 1 per Cent, on Value -

10 O

4

H

5

1

Produce of Duty on aa Avenge of the Three Years ending 25th March 1800.

£ t. j.

169 >5 9,

564 9 9$

1 *4 —

5S7 *5 6

4»,9I 4

1,881 io

180 10 3

— 5 10

395 *5 *

70 7 H

1 !7 3 6k

928 10 7

121 2 9?

220 12 i«i

6l 1 8

735 10 9

j 79 *9 1

4.380 9 7

874

Appendik.

4. 1802.

Appendix, -(No. 6a<) ij* Aprili

continued.

Account of all Taxes or Duties which have Ceased to be payable in Ireland — continued.

Name* of Articles upon which any Tax* Duty, or Additional Puty has Ceased to be payable in Ireland,

since the 25th March i8co.

8.

6

9

<5

3

c

nS

S

o

.0

E

CO

CQ

Cutlery -

Drugs.

Earthenware, Unrated

f barrels -( hundreds Fifti Herriugs -I Ling L Salmon Furs ..

Cod

Glass Plates and Ware -Grinding Stones -f Mallard Groceries < Saffron '

I Small Parcels

I Corn -I Serpentine

Gunpowder

Hair — Goats

Horses — British

r

8,

6

US

a

V

3

-T3

O

O

u.

o

to

in

eC

«1 r Cotton - _

a*] 1 Silk and Cotton -

13 1 Silk and Worsted

2 cn [ Thread - -

Small Parcels, Silk, and not Silk

Jewellery - -

f Mathematical and Op-Instruments < tical -

(Musical -

f Unwrought -

Iron < and Hardware, Unrated £if Lacquered or Japanned

Lampblack....

fore.

Lead

pig

Red

Sheet

Shot

White

Mats -Millinery -Mill Stones -Mineral Waters -

f Small Nuts < Chesnuts -£ Walnuts

Oakum

Oil — Linseed and Rape -

Painting Stuffs, Unrated Paper, Writing

Perfumery -

Pictures Plated Ware Plate, Wrought -

Printing Types Quilts -

Sadler's Ware - '

f Clover

o , 1 Garden h

Seeds -j Trefoii> and.

(_o^ier Grass Slates -Soap (not Black)

Starch -Stationary -$;eel -

Date when Duty Ceased.

O

00

b.

o

10th May 1801.

1 ft JanT ] 1801. i

2

19

9

5. d.

5

1

8

2

*4

I per Cent, on Value *

II per Cent, on Value -

1 i per Cent, on Value

4 per Barrel — \ per Hundred -4 per Barrel 5! per Hundred -7f per Barrel 1 per Cent, on Value -

o -

CO

3 .

c

rt

o

es

2 1 per Cent, on Value 74 1* 5

— 2 9J per Chaldron - - 6 II 3

12 *4 t per Cent, on Value 494 «5 1

— 3 10 per Pound . 3* IS 6

12 *4 1 per Cent, on Valtie - 13* 6 8

— 6 3 4! per Cwt. -gl per Cwt. - 1 169 14 n

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - 150 t 7

2 >4 1 per Cent, on Value - 579 8 31

— H 7 — 34. per Cwt. - - 62 — 4*

1 *s 18 4 per Cwt. -per Cwt. - } 8,520 i 5

— 4 io| each - 9l 18 i*

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value 1,020 1 3

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - 18 10 10

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value . 2 5 2

2 >4 1 per Cent, on Value - 3 10 3

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - 123 >7 4

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - 49 17 8

2 *4 1 per Cent, on Value _ 23 2 9

12 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - *75 9 2

_» 12 H per Ton - . 1,251 18 10

2 >4 1 per Cent, on Value - } I»9?4 11 *

9 1 11 per Cent, on Value - >

12

10

10

IS

5

1

1

7

*4

J4

4

2\ per Cwt.

2 per Ton 4 per Ton

Produce of Duty on aa Average of the Three Year* ending 25th March 1800.

£. s. d.

389 1 ti

567 6 2 4,346 4 io£

113 —

ioi 9 7

"*79 '7 4 *97 9 Sr — '9 3 84 18 9

— 7 3

1

4 1

16

14

1

4 per ion -i\ per Cwt. -31 per Cwt. -11 per Cwt. -per Cwt.

per Cent, on Value per Cent, on Value each

, T per Cent, on Value

I 3| per Barrel I 11 # per Barrel — 11 per Barrel

3* per Cwt. -8| per Ton -

1 per Cent, on Value t\ per 10 lb. Weight

f per Cent, on Value, and an additional Duty according to the Value of the Package - -

1 per Cent, on Value -I per Cent, on Value -1 per Cent, on Value, and 2 d. per Ounce -8J per Cwt.

1 per Cent, on Value -

per Cent, on Value -per Cwt. -per Cwt.

per Cent, on Value -per Cent, on Value -per Cent, on Value -per Cent, on Value -Per Cwt.

— 1 W2 I"

(p:

-j;

H *4 *4

12

14 1

2 10 18 —

>4 1 1 1 1

H

H

14

8

H

3

H i per 01

— 8 3I per Cwt.

per Cwt. -per Cent, on Value 10 per Cwt.

18 12 7 311 2

184 1 lof

577 10 Si 2c6 15 8{ 178 IS I 94* 7 3 129 — 1

159 3 '£

13 ——

27 14 5

18 3 61

70 11 lof 791 17 ~

556 3 4 M'S 7 3

>73 >8 ri

108 9 3i 270 I I©£

2C5 7 —

24 IZ I

8 1 —

121 IS 81 422 13 — 3-9 >4 9 102 6 9

5C2 17

i43 S

17 16 288 — 215 3

2

6

6*

6

4.

1

Account of all Taxes or Duties which have Ceased to be payable in Ireland — continued*

Names of Articles upon which any Tas, Duty, or Additional Duty, hat Ceased to be payable in Ieklano, since the 25th March 4800.

Tin

Tow

Toys

2L

M

9

c

m

S

5

C

8 <

o

A

O

6

X

CO

Vinegar - -

Upbolflery -

Watches and Watch Movement* Whalebone -Whiting -

~ Hoop* -

f Great MaAs < Middle

» < ( 0,„ <?"".; Plank -Timber -. Ware -

f Linen -Yarn Mohair -i Wonted -

Small Parcels in general -

Six Per-ConL on Retailers and Containers ..

Date when Duty Ceased.

o

co

Bacon

C Haros ( Flitches -D /. ( Barrels

Btef { Carcase* -Bullocks and Cows -Batter

Cheeie

Graves

(Cows Horse

Human - -

Kid.

Hidft, Ununncd -Hogs ..... Hog's Lard -

I I Ox and Cows -

Hoh,. 1 n.

Horse*:

Ox

o

CO

cc

{Bones Guts

Pork

Rabbits Fur -Rape Seed

Sheep

Calf Deer Fox Goat Hare Kid Lamb Otter

Rate of Duty which Ceased.

£ '

— 5 if per Cwt.

is 14 1 per Cent, on Value

2 14 1 per Cent, on Value

— 14 if per Ton -

214 1 per Cent, on Value

a *4

— 3

1 per Cent, on Value

JO r»#*r Pu/f _

4

i-s\

7

3

1

2

per Cwt. -per Cwt. -. ,3 per Mille yf each 2f each 6 each 2 per Hundrei

1.

co

Sheep taw'd with the Wool on Sheep with the Wool

Tal ow -

Tongues -

Wax -

Yarn, Linen -

Small Parcels in general -

— 1 7* per 100 Feet - 24 2 1 ,

— 2 *£ per Ton - 1 *4 —

12 x4 1 per Cent, on Value *- >85 IO 8

12 *4 1 per Cent, on Value - 7 *7 —

— — ii per Pound HO — 11

— 8 5 per Cwt. - 7 *3 3f

12 *4 t per Cent, on Value - — —

Produce of Duty on an Average of the Three Years ending 25th March 1800. '

263

5*

53

ll7

85

11

216

22

l6

/. d

3 8

4 4 *5 2

15 10

11 3

12 1 of

13 10

12 2

7

5 —

1 6f

Estimated at

1

1 — 1 —

6 6

1 *6

5 — — per Cent, on Value -per Flitch per Barrel

each ... each ... per Cwt.

— — 6 per Cwt. - - , -

— — if per Cwt.

— — per Cwt.

— 6 — per Cwt.

5 — — per Cent, on Value -

— " 7l P«r Cwt.

— — 3$ each.

— 3 — - each.

— — II per Cwt.

— — 6 per Mille -

— — 9 per Mille.

— 33 each.

----- 4 per Mille

— I — per Barrel

— l 6 p£r Barrel

— — 2- per Pound 6 per Quarter

— 26 each -

5 — — per Cent, on Value -

— — 3 per Skin.

— — — f each ... 5 — — per Hundred

— — — f each.

— 3 — per Hundred -

— — 10 per Hundred

----- --- i each

— 1 4 per Hundred

— 1 — per Hundred

— 16 per Hundred

1 — — per Hundred

— 1 6 per Cwt.

— — 3f per Dozen

— 4 — per Cwt.

— 5 " per Cwt. -S — — per Cent, on Value

Total

5,000 — —

187 13 — 338 14 10j 5.614 14 4

— 1 4

4,607 19 2

l6,l6o IO 2f

4 1

~ 4-i

— 6 31

— 9 —

-T- 3{

935 — 10 612 12 — *

236 - II

10 16 y\ 6171 119 6 7

26 —

5 3 4 8,966 11 —

12 3 4

89 13 —

108 18 8

M«9 6 3

105 8

1

4

1 13 lof

— 13 —

— U lli

5 7 S

714 12 — 33 >9 »

4,108 15 — 207 2 4

100,379 19 2$

Appendix,

(No. 62.)

27* Apr H

ctntinutJ.

The libove Account embraces all the principal Articles upon which Duties have Ceased in consequence of the Act of Union; and the £nnc are distinguished. as far as the Nature of the Bufinef:, and the Documents in the Inspector General's Office, would admit of.

Custom-Hnu'e, Dublin, 3

April 15 th 1802, 5 A.

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Ireland.

bfy

876

Appendix

A. 1802.

(No. 63.) <

29* Apr His.

Copy of the DEFINITIVE TREATY of PE ACE between His Britannic Majesty and the French Republic, His Catholic Majesty, the Batavian Republic: Signed at Amiens the 27th Day of March 1802.

HIS MAJESTY the King of the U nfted Kingdom of G reat Britain and Ireland, and the First Consul of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, being animated with an equal Desire to put an End to the Calamities of War, have laid the Foundation of Peace in the Preliminary Articles ligned at London the First of October One thousand Eight hundred and One (Ninth Venderaiaire, Year Ten :)

And as by the Fifteenth Article of the said Preliminaries it has been stipulated that Plenipotentiaries should be named on each Side, who should proceed to Amiens for the Purpose of concluding a Definitive Treaty, in concert with the Allies of the Contracting Powers;

His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland has named for His Plenipotentiary the Marquis Cornwallis, Knight of the Moll illuilrious Order of the Garter, Privy Counsellor to His Majesty, General of His Armies, &c.; the First Consul of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, the Citizen Jtfeph Bonaparte, Counsellor of State; His Majesty the King of Spain and of the Indies, and the Government of the Batavian Republic, have named for their Plenipotentiaries, viz. H is Catholic Majesty, Don Joseph Nicolas de Azara, his Counsellor of State, Knight Great Cross of the Order of Charles III. his said Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary to the French Republic, Sec.; and the Government of the Batavian Republic, Roger John Schimmelpenninck, their Ambassador Extraordinary to the French Republic; who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, which are transcribed at the End of the present Treaty, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I. There shall be Peace, Friendship, and good Understanding, between His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, His Heirs and Successors, on the one Part; and the French Republic, his Majesty the King of Spain, his Heirs and Successors, and the Batavian Republic, on the other Part. The Contrafling Parties shall give the greatest Attention to maintain, between themselves and their States, a perfect Harmony, and without allowing on either Side any Kind of Hostilities, by Sea or by Land, to be committed for any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever.

They shall carefully avoid every thing which might hereafter affect the Union happily re-established, and they shall not afford any Aflillance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who should cause Prejudice to any of them.

Article II. All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land ay by Sea, and the Hostages carried away or given during the War, and to this Day, shall be restored without Ransom in Six Weeks at latest, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, and on paying the Debts which they have contracted during their Captivity. Each Con-trading Party shall respectively discharge the Advances which have been made by any of the Contracting Parties for the Subsistence and Maintenance of the Prisoners in the Country where they have been detained. For this Purpose a Commission shall be appointed by Agreement, which shall be specially charged to ascertain and regulate the Compenlaiion which may be due to either of the Contracting Powers. The Time and Place where the Commifuoncs, who shall be charged with the Execution of this Article, shall assemble, shall also be fixed upon by Agreement; and the said Commissioners shall take into Account the Expences occasioned, not only by the Prisoners of the respective Nations, hut also by the Foreign Troops, who, before they were made Pri-loners, were in the Pay, or at the Disposal, of any of the Con-trading Paitics.

Article III. His Britannic Majesty restores to the French Republic and her Allies, namely, his Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic, all the Poflc (lions and Colonies which belonged to them respectively, and which had been occupied or conquered by the British Forces in the Course of the War, with the Exception of the Island of Trinidad and the Dutch Possessions in the island of Ceylon.

Article IV. His Catholic Majesty cedes and guarantees, in full Right and Sovereignty, to His Britannic Majesty, the Island of 'Trinidad.

Article V.

SA MAJESTE le Roi du Rovaunie Uni de la Grande Bretagne ct d'lrlande, et le Premier Consul de la Republique Fran-9oise, au Nom du Peuple Francis, cgalement animes du Dcfir de faire cester les Calamitcs de la Guerre, ont pose les Fondemens de la Paix par les Articles Pr6Iinrinaires (igrt£s a Londres le Premier d'Odobre, Mil huit Cent Un (Neuf Vcndcmiaire, An Dix:)

Et comme par 1*Article Quinze des dits Preliminaires, il a etc convenu qu'il feroit nomme de Pan et d'autre des Plenipotentiaires qui fe rendroient & Amiens, pour y proceder & ia Redaction. du Trait£ Definkif, de concert avec les Allies des PttUlances Con* tradantes;

Sa Maje/16 le Roi du Royaume Uni de la Grande Bretagne et d'lrlande, a nomme le Marquis de Cornwallis, Chevalier de POrdre tres-iiluftre de la Jarreticrre, Conseiller Prive de Sa Majeste, General de Ses Arir.ees, Sec.; le Premier Consul de la Republique Fran9oise, au Nom du Peuple Franjoi*, le Crtoyrti Joseph Bonaparte, Confeilier d'Etat; fa Majeste le Roi tTEfpagne et des Indes et le Gouvemement d'Etat de Ia Republique Batave ont nommo pour leurs Plenipotentiaires, savoir, fa Majeste Catholique, Don Joseph Nicolas de Azara, son Conseiller d'Etat, Chevalier Grand Croix de TOrdre de Charles HI. Ambafladcur Extraordinaire de fa dite Majeste pres la Republique Fran^ife, Sec. et le Gouverne-ment d'Etat de la Republique Batave, Roger Jean Schimmelpenninck, son Ambafladeur Extraordinaire pies la Republique Fran-9oise, ldquels apres s'etre duement communiques leurs pleins Pouvoirs, qui font transerits a la Suite du present Traite, (ont convenus des Articles fuivans:

Article I. II y aura Paix, Amitie, et bonne Intelligence, entre Sa Majeste le Roi du Rcyaame Uni de la Grande Bretagne et d'lrlande, Ses Heritiers et Successeurs, d'une Part; et la Republique Fran9oise, fa Majeste le Roi d'Efpagne, fes Heritiers et Suc-cefleurs, et la Republique Batave, d'autre Part. Les Parties Con-tradantes*apporteront la plus grande Attention a maintenir une parfaite Harinonie entr'elJes et leurs Etats, fans permettre que de Par; ni d'autre on commette aucune Sorte d'Hostilite par Terre ou par Mer, pour quelque Cause ou fous quelque Pretexte que ce puisse dtre.

Elies eviteront soigneusement tout ce qui pourroit alterer & l'Avenir PUnion heureusement retablie, et ne donneront aucun Secours ni Protection, soit diredement, soit indiredement i ccjix qui voudroient porter prejudice a aucune d'elles.

Article II. Tousles Prisonniers faits de Part et d'autre, tant par Terre que par Mer, et les Otages enleves ou donnes pendant la Guerre, et jufqu'a ce Jour, feront reftitues fans Ran9ondans fix Semaines au plus tard, a compter do Jour de l'Exchange des Rati* ficaiions du present Traite, et en payant les Dettes qu'ils auroient contradees pendant leur Captivite. Chaque Partic contradante foldcra respectivement les Avances qui auroient ete faits par aucune des Parties Contradantes pour la Subftftance et l'Entretien des Prisonniers dans le Pais oil ils ont ete detenus. II fera nomme de concert pour cet Effet une Commission specialement chargee de conftater et de regler la Compensation qui pourra etre due a l'une ou a l'autre des Puiflances Contradantes. On fixera egalement de concert l'Epoque et le Lieu oil fe raflembleront les Commis-faires qui feront charges de l'Execution de cet Article, et qui porteront en Compte, non feulement les Depenfes faites par les Prisonniers des Nations respectives, mais aussi par les Troupe* etrangercs, qui avant d'erre Prises, £toient a la Solde et a la Dif-position de l'une des Parties Contradantes.

Article III. Sa Majeste Britannique reftitue £ la Republique

Frar^oise et a fes Allies, savoir, fa Majeste Catholique, ct la Republique Batave, toutes les Possessions et Colonie qui ieur appartenoient respectivement. et qui ont e;c occupees cu conquiies par les Forces Britanniqucs dans lc Cours dc la Guerre, a l'Exception de PJfle de la Trinite, ct des Possessions Ilollandoifes dans l'Isle de Ceylon.

Article IV. Sa Majeste Catholicue cede et garantit en toute Proprieie ct Souverainete a Sa Majeste Britannique Plfle de b Trinite.

Article V.

Art !c!c V. The Batavian Repu!>lic cedes and guarantees in fuU Right ?r<\ Sovereignty to his Britain Majesty, all the Poffdlinr.s a.;d hitubliflments in the Island of Ceylon, which belonged, before the War, to the Republic of the United Provinces, or to their Hall India Company.

Article VI. The Cape of Good Hope remains in full Sovereignty to the Batavian Republic, as it was before the War.

The Ships of every Description belonging to the other Contracting Parties, shall have the Right to put in there, and to purchase such Supplies as they may Hand in need of as heretofore, without paying any other Duties than tiiofc to which the Ships of the Batavian Republic are subjected.

Article VII. The Territories and Pofllflions of her Mod Faithful Majesty are maintained in their Integrity, such as they were previous to the Commencement of the War.

N^vcrthclcfs, the Limits of French and Portuguese Guiana full be determined by the River Arawari, which falls into the Ocean below the North Cape, near the Isle Neuve and the Island of P nitence, about a Degree and One-third of North Latitude. These Limits shall follow the Course of the River Arawari, from that of its Mouths which is at the grjateft Dill ince from the North Cape to its Source, and thence in a direct Line from Its Source to the River Branco, towards the West. The Northern Bank of the River Arawari, from its Mouth to its Source, and the Lands which are situated to the North of the Line of the Limits above fixed, shall consequently belong in full Sovereignty lo the French Republic. The Southern Bank of the said River from its Source, and all the Lards to the Southward of the said Line of Dcmarkatien, (h.:!l belong to her Most Faithful Majesty. Tnc Navigation of the River Arawari shall be common to both Nations.

The Arrangements which have taken place between the Courts of Madrid and of Lisbon, for the Settlement of their f rontiers in Europe, Hull, however, be executed conformably to the Treaty of Bjc z.

Article VIII. The Territories, Poftcflions, and Rights of the Ottoman Porte, are hereby maintained in their Integrity, such as they were previous to the War.

Article IX. The Republic of the Seven Islands is hereby Acknowledged.

Article X. The Islands of Malta, Gozo and Comino, shall be rtfiored to the Ord-r of St.John of Jerusalem, and shall be held by it upon the same Conditions on which the Order held them previous to the War, and und-r the following Stipulations:

1°. The Knights of the Order, whose Langues shall continue to fob fill after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, are invited to return to Malta as soon as that Exchange shall have taken place. They shall there form a General Chapter, and shall proceed to the Election of a Grand Mailer, to be chosen from amongst the Natives of those Nations which preserve Langues, if no such Election shall have been already made since he Exchai gc of the Ratifications of the Preliminary Articles of Fence. It is undrrflood, that an Election which shall have been made susbequent to that Period, shall alone be considered as valid to tire Fxdufion of every other which shall have taken place at any Time previous to the said Period.

2°. The Governments of Great Britain and of the French Republic, being desirous of placing the Order of St. John and the Island of Malta in a State of entire Independence on each of those Powers, do agree that there shall be henceforth no English nor French Langues, and that no Individual belonging to either of the said Powers shall be admissible into the Order.

30. A Maltese Langue shall be established, to be supported out of the Land Revenues and Commercial Duties of the Island. There shall be Dignities with Appointments, and an Auberge appropriated to this Langue. No Proofs of Nobility shall be rcccflary for the Ad million of Knights into the said Langue. They shall be competent to hold every Office, and to enjoy every Privilege, in the like Manner as the Knights of the other Langucf. The Municipal, Revenue, Civil, Judicial, and ot^er Offices under the Government of the Island, shall be filled at lead in the Proportion of One-Half by Native Inhabitants of Malta, Gozo, and Comino.

4°. The Forces of His Britannic Majesty shall evacuate the Island and its Dependencies within Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications, or sooner if it can be done. At

that

VOL. 57.

Article V. La Republique Batave cede et garantit en toute Propriete et Souverainete a Sa Majeste Britannique toutes les Possessions et Etabliflemens dans PIfle de Ceylon, qui appartenoient avant la Guerre a la Republique des Provinces Unies, ou a fa Compagnie des Indes Orientales.

Article VI. Le Cap de Bonne Esperance refte a !a Republique Batave en toute Souverainete, comme cela avoit lieu avant la Guerre.

Les Batimens de toute Efpcce appartenant aux autre* Parties Contra&antes auront la Faculte d'y relacher, et d'y acheter les Approvifionnemens neceflaires, comme auparavant fans payer d'autres Droits que ceux auxquels la Republique Batave affujettit les Batimens de fa Nation.

Article VII. Les Territoires et Possessions de fa Majeste tres-Fidelle, font maintenus dans leur Integrite, tels qu'ils etoient avant la Guerre*

Cependant, les Limites des Guyannes Fran^ife et Portugaife font fixes a la Riviere d'Arawari, qui fe jette dans l'Ocean au-defibus du Cap Nord pres de PIfle Neuve et de PIfle de la Penitence, environ a un degre un Tiers de Latitude Septentrionale* Ces Limites Cuivront la Riviere d'Arawari depuis son Embouchure la plus eloignee du Cap Nord jufqu'a fa Source, et ensuite une Ligne droite tiree de cette Source jufqu'au Rio Branco vers POueft. En consequence la Rive feptentrionale de la Riviere d'Arawari depuis fa derriere Embouchure jufqu'a fa Source, et les Terres qui fe trouvent au Nord de la Ligne des Limites fixees ci-dessus, appartiendront en toute Souverainete a la Republique Fran^ife. La Rive Meridionale de la dite Riviere k partir de la meme Embouchure, et toutes les Terres au Sud de la dite Ligne des Limites appartiendront a fa Majeste tres-Fidelle. La Navigation de la Riviere d'Arawari dans tout son cours fera commune aux deutf Nations.

Les Arrangemens qui ont eu Lieu entre les Cours de Madrid et de Li (bonne pour la Rectification de leurs Frontieres en Europe feront toutefois executes suivant les Stipulations du Traite de Badajoz.

Article VIII. Les Territoires, Possessions, et Droits de la Porte Ottomane font maintenus dans leur Integrite, tels qu'ils etoient avant la Guerre.

Article IX. La Republique des Sept Ides eft reconnue.

Appendix*

(No. 63.)

2 9* Ap

continued.

I. ——

Article X. Les Isles de Make, de Gozo, et Comino, feront rendues a POrdre de Sr. Jean de Jerusalem pour etre par lui tenues aux memes Conditions auxquelles il les pofledoit avant la Guerre, et fous les Stipulations suivantes:

I*. Les Chevaliers de POrdre dont les Langues continueront a subsister apres PEchange des Ratifications du present Traite, font invites a retourner a Malta auflitot que PEchange aura eu lieu. 11s y formeront un Chapitre General, et procederont a l'Elcflion d'un Grand-Maitre, choisi parmi les Natifs des Nations qui conservent des Langues, a moins qu'elle n'ait ete deja faite depuis PEchange des Ratifications des Preliminaires. II eft en- tendu qu'une ElcClion faite depuis cette Epoque fera fcule confidence comme valable, a PExclulion de toute autre qui auroit eu lieu dans aucun Terns antericur a la dite Epoque.

20. Les Gouvernemens de la Grande Bretagne, et de la Re-publique Fran^oise, defirant mettre POrdre et PIfle de Malte, dans un Etat d'independance entiere a leur Egard, conviennent qu'il n'y aura deformais ni Langue Aogloife ni Fran9oise et que nul Individu appartenant a Pune ou a Pautre de ces Puiflances nc pourra etre admis dans POrdre.

30. II fera etabli une Langue Maltaife, qui fera entretenue par les Revenus Territoriaux, et les Droits commerciaux de PIfle cettO Langue aura des Dignites qui lui feront propres, des Traitemens et une Auberge. Les Preuves de Noblesse ne feront pas necessaires pour PAdmission des Chevaliers de la dite Langue. < IIs feront d'ailleurs admissibles a toutes les Charges, et jouiront de tous les Privileges, comme les Chevaliers des autres Langues. Les Em-plois Municipaux, Administratifs, Civils, Judiciaires, et autres, dependant du Gouvernement de PIfle, feront occupes, au moins pour Moitie, par des Habitans des Isles de Make, Gozo, et Comino.

40. Les Forces de Sa Majeste Britannique evacueront PIfle et fes Dependances dans les Trois Mois qui foivront PEchange des Ratifications, ou plutdt fi faire fc peut, A cette Epoque, elle fera

remifa

10 P

Appendix.

A. 1802

Appendix, (No. 63.)

19* J/ri/is,

Itmltrtutd.

that pc.iod the Ittand shall be delivered up to the Order in the State in which it now ii, provided that the Grand Mailer, or Commissioners fully err powered, according to the Statutes of the Order, be upon the Jflmd to receive Polkllion, and that the Force to be furnished by his Sicilian Majesty, as hereafter ilipulnted, be arrived there.

°. The Garrifcn of the Island shall, at all Times, consist at lead One-Half of Native Mnltci'e; and the Order shall have the Liberty of reemiting for the Remainder of the Garrison from the Natives of tho:c Countries only that shall continue to poflels Langue?. The Native Maltese Troops shall he officered by Maltese; and the supreme Command of the Garrison, as well as the Appointment of the Officers, shall be vested in the Grand Matter of the Order, and he shall not be at Liberty to divett himself of it, even for a Time, except in favour of a Knight of the Order, and in confluence of the Opinion of the Council of the Order.

6*. The Independence of the Islands of Malta, Gozo, and Comino, as well as the present Arrangement, shall be under the Protection and Guarantee of Great BAtain, France, Austria, Russia, Spain, and Prussia.

70. '1 he perp -tual Neutraliry of the Order, and of the Idand

of Malta and its Dcpcfldcncies is hereby declared.

8°. The Ports of Malta shall be open to the Commerce and Nav:gation of all Nations, who shall pay equal and moderate Duties. These Duties shall be applied to the Support of the Maltese Langue, in the Manner specified in Paragraph 3, to that of the Civil and Military Ellabiishments of the Ittand, and to that of a Lazaretto open to all Flags.

9 . The Barbary States are excepted from the Provisions of the Two preceding Paragraphs until, by means of an Arrange inent to be made by the Contracting Parties, the System of Hotti-lity which fubfitts between the said Barbary States, the Order of St. John, and the Powers possessing Langues, or taking part in the Formation of them, shall be terminated.

io°. The Order shall be governed, both in Spiritual and Temporal Matters, by the same Statutes that were in force at the Time when the Knights quitted the Ittand, so far as the same shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty.

11°. The Stipulations contained in Paragraphs 3, 5, 7, 8 and 10. shall be converted into Laws and perpetual Statutes of the' Order, in the customary Manner, And the Grand Mailer (or, if he should not be in the Ittand at the Time of its Restitution to the O.der, his Representative) as well as his Successors, shall be bound to make Oath to observe them punctually.

i2J. H»s Sicilian Majesty shall be invited to furnish Two Thousand Men, Native* of his Dominions, to serve as a Garrison for the several Fortrcfles upon the Ittand, This Force shall remain there f- r One Year from the Period of the Restitution of the Ittand to the Knights; after the Expiration of which Term, if the Order of St. J oan shall not, in the Opinion of the guaranteeing Powers, have raif d a sufficient Force to garrison the Ittand and its Dependencies, in the Manner proposed in Paragraph 5, the Neapolitan Troops shall remain until they shall be relieved by another Force judged to be sufficient by the said Powers.

1 30. The several Powers specified in Paragraph 6, viz. Great Britain, France, Aullria, RulTia, Spain, and Piuttia, shall be invited to accede to the present Arrangement.

Article XL The French Forces dull evacuate the Kingdom of Naples, and the Roman T erritory. The English Forces shall, in like Manner, evacuate Porto Ferrajo, and generally all the Ports and Islands which they may occupy in the Mediterranean, or in the Adriatic.

Article XII. The Evacuations, Ccffions and Restitutions, ftipu-lated for by the present Treaty, except where otherwise expressly provided for, shall take place in Europe within One Month, in the Continent and Seas of America and of Africa lyithin Three Months, and in the Continent and Seas of Asia within Six Months after the Ratification of the present Definitive Treaty.

remise a POrdre dans PEtat ou e!!e fe trouve, pourvu que le Grand-Maitre, ou des Commissaires pleinement autoriles luivant les Statuts de POrdrc, soient dans la elite Ittc pour en prendre Possession, et que la Force qui doit etre fournie paf fa Majese Sicilienne, comme il ett apres ftipulc, y soit arrivee.

50. La Moitie de la Gamifon pour le Moins fera toujours compose dc Maltais natifs; pour le reliant, POrdre aura la Faculty de rccruter parmi les Natifs des Pays fculs qui continuent de polTeJer des Langues. Les Troupes Maltaifes auront dcs Otficiers Maltais, le Commandement en Chef dc la Garnilbn, ainsi que la Nomination des Otliciers appartiendront au Grand-Maitre, et il ne pourra s'en demettre, meme temporairement, qu'en faveur (Fun Chevalier, d'apres PAvis du Conseil de l'Ordre.

6°. LTndependance des Isles de Malte, de Gozo, et de Comino, ainsi que le present Arrangement, font mis fous la Protection et Guarantie de la Grande Bretagne, de la France, de PAu-triche, de la Ruttie, de PEfpagne, et dc la Prude.

70. La Neutralite permanente de POrdre, et de Tide de Malte, avec fes Dependances, ett proclamee.

8°. Les Ports de Malte feront ouverts au Commerce et a la Navigation de toutes les Nations, qui y payeront dcs Droits egaux et mpderes. Ces Droits feront appliques a PEntretien de la Lang ue Maltaifc, comme il ell specific dans le Paragraphe 3, a celui dcs Etabliflcmens Civils et Militaires de Plfle, ainsi qu'a eclui d'un Lazaret ouvert a tous les Pavilions.

90. Les Etats Bubarcfques font exceptes dcs Dispositions des Deux Paragraphes precedens, julqu'a ce que, par le Moyen d'un Arrangement que procureront les Parties C'ontra&antes, le Syftcme d'Hottilite qui subsiste entre les dits Etats Barbarefques, POrdre dc St. Jean, et les Puiflances poflbdant de.> Langues, ou concou-rant a leur Compottdon, ait cede.

10^. L'Orcire fera regi quant au Spirituel, et au Tempore! par les memes Statuts qui etoient en vigueur lorsque les Chevaliers font fortis de Plfle, autant qu'il n'y eft pas deroge par le present Traite.

ix°. Les Dispositions conteniies dans les Paragraphes 3, 5, 7, 8, et 10, feront converges en Loix et Statuts perpetuels de POrdre, dans la Forme ufitec. Et le Grand-Maitre (ou, s'il n'etoit pas dans Plfle au Moment od elle fera remise a POrdre, son Rcprc-lentant) ainsi que fes Successcurs, feront tenus de faire Serment de les observer ponilucllement.

120. Sa Majeste Sicilienne fera invitee a fournir deux Mille Hommes, Natifs de les Etats, pour servir de Garnison dans les differentes Fortresses des dites Isles. Cette Force y rellcra un An a dater de leur Restitution aux Chevaliers; ct fi a PExniration de ce Terme, POrdre n'avoit pas encore leve la Force suffisante au Jugement dcs Puiflances garantes pour servir de Garnilbn dans PKle et fes Dependances, telle qu'elle ett specifiee dans le Paragraphe 5, les Troupes Napolitaines y refleront jufqu'a ce qu'cllcs loient remplacees par une autre Force jugee furlifante par les dites Puiflances.

130. Les differentes Puiflances designces dans !e Paragraphe 6, savoir, la Grande Bretagne, la France, PAutriche, la Ruffie, PEfpagne, et la Prufle, feront invitees a needier aux presentes Stipulations.

Article XI. Les Troupes Fran^oifcs evacucront le Royaume de Naples, et PEtat Romain. Les Forces Angloifes evacucront pareillement Poito Ferrajo, ec generalement tous les Ports et isles qu'elles occuperoient dans la Mediterrannee, ou dans l'Adria-tique.

Article XII. Les Evacuations, Cessions, et Rcttitutions, flipulees par le present Traite, feront executecs pour PEuropedans 1c Mois, pour le Continent, et les Mers d'Ameriquc et d'Afrique dans les Trois Mois, pour le Continent et les Mers d'Afic dans les Six Mois qui fuivront la Ratification du present Traite Dcfmitif, excepte dans lc Cas ou il y ett specialcment deroge.

Article XIII. In all the Cafes of Restitution agreed upon by the present Treaty, the Fortifications shall be delivered up in the Sute in which they may have been at the Time of the Signature of the Preliminary Treaty; and all the Works which shall have been conilruiT'.'d since the Occupation shall remain untouched.

Icjj farther agreed. That in all the Cafes of Ccflion stipulated, there shall be allowed to the Inhabitants, of whatever Condition or Nation they may be, a Term of Three Years, to be computed from the Notification of this present Treaty, for the Purpose of disposing of their Property acquired and possessed either before or

during

Article XIII. Dans tous les Cas de Restitution conveniis par le present Traite, les Fortifications feront rendiLs dans PEtat od elles fe trouvoient au Moment de la Signature dcs Preliminaires, et tous les Ouvrages qui auront etc conttruits depuis POccupation, retteront intails.

Il eft convenu en outre, que dans tous les Cas de Cession (lipules, il fera alloue aux Habitans, dc quelque Condition ou Nation qu'ils soient, un Terme de Trois Ans, a compter de la Notification du present Traite, pour disposer de leurs Proprietes acquifes et poile-decs, soit avant soit pendant la Guerre, dans lequel Terme de

T rois

during the War, in which Term of Three Years they may have the free Exercise of their Religion and Enjoyment of their Property. The same Privilege is granted in the Countries restored to all those, whether Inhabitants or others, who shall have made therein any Establishments whatsoever during the Time when those Countries were in the PoftWIion of Great Britain. With respect to the Inhabitants of the Countries restored or ceJed, it is agreed that none of them shall be prosecuted, disturbed, or molested in their Persons or Properties, under any Pretext, on Account of their Conduct or political Opinions, or of their Attachment to any of the Contracting Powers, nor on any other Account, except that of Debts contracted to Individuals, or on Account of Acts poltcrior to the present Treaty. Appendix, Trois Aps ils pourront excrcer libremenf leur Religion, et jouir . de leurs Proprietes. (l>0. Ojy) # La meme Faculte eft accordee dans les Pays reftitues h tous *9 AprillS* ceux, soit Habitans, ou autres, qui y auront salt dps EtubiifTemens continued. Grande Bretagne. Quant aux Habitans des Pays reftitues ou cedes, il eft convenu qu* aucun d'eux ne pourra etre pourfuivi, inquire, ou trouble dans fa Personne, ou dans fa Propriete, fous aucun Prdtextc, a cause de fa Conduite ou Opinion politique, ou dc son Attachement a aucune des Parties Contractantes, ou pour toute autre Raison, fi ce n'cft pour les Dettes contractees envers des Individus, ou pour des Adtcs posterieurs au present Traitd.

Article XIV. All Scqueflrations imposed by any of the Parties on the Funded Property, Revenues or Debts, of whatever Description, belonging to any of the Contracting Powers, or to their Subjects or Citizens, shall be t&ken off immediately after the Signature of this Definitive Treaty. The Dccihon of all Claims brought forward by Individuals, the Subjects or Citizens of any of the Contracting Powers respectivcIy, against Individuals Subjects or Citizens of any of the others, for Rights, Debts, Property, or Effects whatsoever, which, according to received Usages, and the Law of Nations, ought to revive at the Period of Peace, Hull be heard and decided before competent Tribunals; and in all Cases prompt and ampie Justice shall be administered in the Countries where the Claims are made. Article XIV. Tous les Sequestres mis de Part et d'autre fur les Fonds, Revenus, et Creances, de quelque efpece qu'ils soient, appartenans a Pune des PuifTances Contractantes, ou a fes Sujets ou Citoyens, feront leves immediatement apres la Signature de ce Traite Definitif. La Decision de toutes Reclamations entre les Individus des Nations respectives pour Dettes, Proj rictes, Effets ou Droits quelconques, qui conformement aux Usages rejus et au Droit des Gens, doivent etre reproduces a PEpoque de ia Paix, fera renvoyee devant les Tribunaux competens; et dans ces cas il fera rendu une prompte et entiere Justice dans le Pays oh les Reclamations feront faites respectivement.

Artivle XV. The Fisheries on the Coast of Newfoundland, and of the adjacent Islands, and of the Gulph of St. Lawrence, arc replaced on the same Footing on which they were previous to the War. The French Fishermen, and the Inhabitants of St. Picrr« and Miquelon, shall have the Privilege of cutting such Wood as they may Hand in need of, in the Bays of Fortune and Despair, for the Space of One Year from the Date of the Notification of the present Treaty. Article XV. Les Pecheries fur les Cotea de Terreneuve et des Isles adjacentes, et dans le Golphe St. Laurent, font remifes fur le mdme pied oh elles etoient avant la Guerre. Les Pecheurs Francis de Terreneuve et les Habitans des Isles de Sr. Pierre ct Miquelon, pourront couper les Bois qui leur feront neceflaires dans les Bayes de Fortune et du Defefpoir pendant la premiere Annee a compter dc la Notification du present Traite.

Article XVI. In order to prevent all Caufrs of Complaint and Dispute which may anse on Account of Prizes which may have been made at Sea, after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles, it is reciprocally agreed that the Vessels and Effects which may Lave been taken in the British Channel, and in the North Sea, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Preliminary Articles, shall be rrdored on each Side; that the Term shall be One Month from the B:ir;ih Ch irmrl and the North Seas as far as the Canary Islands inclusively, whether in the Ocean or in the Mediterranean; Two Months from the said Canary Elands as far as the Equator; and, billy. Five Months in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception, or any more particular Description of Time or Place. Article XVI. Pour prevenir tous les Sujets de Plainte et de Contestation qui pourroient naitre a POccasion des Prises qui auroient ete faites en Mer apres la Signature des Articles Prelimi-naires, il eft reciproquement convenu que les VailTeaux et Effets qukpourroient avoir ete pris dans la Manche, et dans les Mers du Nord, apres PEfpace de Douze Jours, a compter de PExchange des Ratifications des Articles Preliminaires, feront de part et d'autre reftitues; que le terme fera a'un Mois depuis la Manche et les Mers du Nord jufqu'aux Isles Canaries inclufivtment, soit dans l'Ocean soit dans la Mediterrannee, de Deux Mois depuis les Isles Canaries jufqu'a PEquateur, et enfin de Cing Mois dans toutes les autres parties du Monde, fans aucune Exception, ni autre Distinction plus particulicre de Terns et dc Lieu.

Article XVII. The Ambassadors, Ministers, and other Agents of the Contracting Powers, shall enjoy respective!y in the States of the said Powers, the fume Rank, Privileges, Prerogatives, and Immunities, which public Agents of the same CJafs enjoyed previous to the War. Article XVII. Les Ambafladenrs, Ministres et autres Agents des PuifTances Contractantes jouiront respectivement dans les Etats des dites Puiflances, des memes Rangs, Privileges, Prerogatives, et Immunites, dont jouifloient avant la Guerre les Agents de la meme Classe.

Article XVIII. The Branch of the House of Nassau, which was cihtblish'd in the Republic, formerly called the Repub lie of the United Provinces, and now the Batavian Republic, having fufTercci Losses there as well in private Property as in consequence of the Change of Cowilitution adopted in that Country, an adequate Compensation shall be procured for the said Branch of the House of Nailau for the said Loites. Article XVIII. La Branche de la Maison de Nassau, qui etoit etablic dans la ci-devant Republique des Provinces Unies, adtuelle-ment la Republique Batave, y ayant salt des Pertes taut en Propriete particulicre que par le changement de Constitution adopte dans ce Pays, il Lui fera procure une Compensation equivalente pour les dites Pertes.

Article XIX. The present Definitive Treaty of Pence is declared common to the Sub ime Ottoman Porte, the Ally of His Britannic Majesty, and the Sublime Porte shall be invited to transmit its Ad of Accession thereto in the shortefl Delay possible. Article XIX. Le present Traite Definitif de Paix eft declare commun a la Sublime Porte Ottomane, Alliee de Sa Majeste Bri-tannique, et la Sublime Porte fera invitee a transmittre son acte d'Accession dans le plus court Delai possible.

Article XX. It is agreed that the Contracting Parties shall, on Requifuions made by tr.cm respectively, or by their Ministers or Officers, duly authorized to make the fame, deliver up to Justice Persons accused of Crimes of Murder, Forgery, or fraudulent Bankruptcy, committed within the Jurisdiction of the requiring Party, provided that this shall be done only w hen the Evidence of the Criminality (had be so authenticated as that the Laws of the Country where the Person so accused shall be found would justify his Apprehension and Commitment for Trial, if the Offence had been there committed. The Expences of such Apprehension and Delivery shall oc borne and defrayed by those who make the Requisition. Vol. Article XX. Il eft convenu que les Parties Contractantes fur' les Requisitions faites par Elles respectivement, ou par leurs Mi-r.iftres ou Ofticiers diiement autorifes a cet effet, feront tenues de livrer en Justice les Personnes accusees des Crimes de Meurtre, de Falsification, ou Banqueroute frauduleufe, commis dans la Jurisdiction de la Partie requerante, pourvu que cela ne soit salt que lorsque PEvidence du Crime fera (i bien conftatee que les Loixdu Lieu oh Eon decouvrira la Personne ainsi accusee auroient' autoriie fa detention et fa Traduction, devant la Justice au cas que le Crime y cut etc commis. Les Fraix de la Prise de Corps, et la Traduction en justice feront a la charge de ceux qui feront la Requisition. Bien entendu

88o

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 63.) *9* Apri/is.

fntinutl.

qaifuion. It is understood that this Article does not regard in any Manner Crimes of Murder, Forgery, or fraudulent Bankruptcy, committed antecedently to the Conclusion of this Definitive Treaty,

Article XXT. The Contracting Parties promise to observe fin-Cerely and bona fide all the Articles contained in the present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects or Citizens; and the said Contracting Parties generally and reciprocally guarantee to each other all the Stipulations of the present Treaty,

entendu que cet Article ne regarde en aucune maniere Ics Crimes deMcurtre, dc Falftfication, ou de Banqueroutc fraudulenfe, comma aotcricufement a la conclusion de ce Traite Definitif.

Article XXI. Les Parties Contractantes promettent d'observer fmcerement et de bonne Foi tous les Articles continus au present Traite; et elles ne fouffriront pas qu'il y soit salt de Contravention, directe ou indirecte, par leurs Sujets ou Citoyens respcClifs; et les fufdites Parties Contractantes fe garantifient generalement et reciproquement toutes les Stipulations du present Traite,

Article XXII. The present Treaty shall be ratified by the Contracting Parties in Thirty Days, or sooner if possible, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged in due Form at Paris.

Article XXII. Lc present Traite fera ratifie par les Parties Contractantes dans Pcfpace de Trente Jours, ou plutot fi faire fe pent, et les Ratifications en due Forme feront echangees a Paris,

Jn Witness whereof, We, the underwritten Plenipotentiaries, have signed with our Hands, and in virtue of our respective full Powers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused our respective Seals to be affixed thereto.

Done at Amiens, the Twenty-seventh Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Sixth Germinal, Year Ten of the French Republic, *

Cornwallis. (l. s.)

Joseph Bonaparte. (l. s.)

J. Nicolas de Azara. (l. s.)

R. J. Sch (l. s.)

En Foi dequoi. Nous, Soufsignes PIcnipotcntiaires avons signe de Notre Main, ct en vertu de nos plein Pouvoirs respcCiiifc, le present Traite Definitif, et y avons salt appofer ncs Cachets respectifs,

Fait a Amiens, le Vingt-Sept Mars, Mil huit Cent Deux, le Six Germinal, An Dix de la Republique Franfoife.

1

Cornwallis.

Joseph Bonaparte,

J. Nicolas de Azara.

R. J. Schimmelpenninck.

(l. s.) (l. s.) (l,s.) (l. s.)

SEPARATE ARTICLE.

It is agreed. That the Omission of some Titles, which may have taken place in the present Treaty, shall not be prejudicial to the Powers or to the IVrlocis concerned.

It is farther agreed, that the English and French Languages made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty shall not form an Example which may be alledged or quoted as a Precedent, or in any Manner prejudice the Contracting Powers whose Languages have not been used; and that for the future what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with regard to, and on the Part of Powers who are in the Practice and Possession of giving and receiving Copies of like Treaties in any other Language, shall be conformed with; the present Treaty having, nevertheless, the same Force and Virtue as if the aforesaid Practice had been therein observed.

In Witness whereof. We, the underwritten Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty, of the French Republic, of his Catholic Majesty, and of the Batavian Republic, have signed the present Separate Article, and have caused our respective Seals to be affixed thereto.

Done atrAmiens, the Twenty-seventh Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Sixth Germinal, Year Ten of the French Republic.

Cornwallis. (l. s.)

Joseph Bonaparte. (l. s.)

7. Nicolas de Azara. (l. s.)

R. J. Schimmelpenninck. (l, s.)

ARTICLE SEPARE.

II elt convenu que POmission qui pourioit avoir eu lieu de qoel-ques Titres dans le present Traite ne fera pas prejudiciable aux Puifiances ou aux Personnes iutcrcflces.

II eft egalement convenu que les Langnes Angloife et Fran^oifc employees dans tous les exemplaires du present Traite, ne fourniront point un exemple qui puisse etre allegue ni tirer a confluence, ni porter prejudice en aucune Maniere aux Puistances Contractantes dont les Langues n'ont pas etc employees; et que Pon fe conformera a Pavenir & ce qui a ete observe, et doit etre observe, a regard et de la part des Puistances qui font en Usage et Pofttffion de donner ct de recevoir des Exemplaires de semblables Traites en une autrr Langue; le present Traite ne Jaiflant pas d'xvoir la meme Force et Vertu que (i le susdit Usage y avoit Cte observe.

En Foi de quoi. Nous, Soufsignes Pltnipotential res de Sa Majeste Britannique, de la Republique Fran^ife, de fa Majest£ Catholique, et de la Republique Batave, avons signC le present Article SeparC, et y avons salt appofer nos Cachets respectifs*

Fait a Amiens le Vingt Sept Mars, Mil huit Cent Deux, le Six Germinal, An Dix de la Republique Fran9oise.

' . "# *

Cornwallis. ' (l. s.)

Joseph Bonaparte. (l. s.)

J. Nicolas de Azara. (l. s.)

R. J. Schimmelpenninck. (l. s.)

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the PUBLIC MONIES Remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5 th January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the same daring the Year ending the 5th January 1802, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been a&ually Applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service: — tft. interest on the Public Funded Debt; together with the Charge of Management; and the Sums applicable to its Reduction. — 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills. — 3dly. Issues for Purposes appointed by the Irish Parliament prior to the Union. — +thly. HTue3 from Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes. — 5thly- Civil Lid, Pensions and other Permanent Charges.-~6thly. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts. — 7thly. Manning the Fleet. — 8thly. The Ordnance. — 9th!/. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. For Regulars and Invalids, Fencibles, Militia, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Pay of Public Officers: Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army. — ioth1y. Miscellaneous Services: — And, lastly, Specifying the Amount of any Public Money applied to any other Public Service (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; diilinguishing the separate Expences of and for Ireland, from those which belong to it with Great Britain,

HEADS of EXPENDITURE. SUMS.

I. For Interest on the Funded Debt of Ireland, i

including Annuities for Lives and Terms of £. d. £ t. d.

Years; also £. 1 per Cent, for the Reduction

of the Capital created by Loans since 1797 - 1.938,666 2 it

d For Charge of Management thereon - - 15,685 5 5!

y, *: There w.v also Applied towards the Rrdii&ion

u M tc of the National Debt, the Annual llTue of . - 67.635 8 4

2,026,301 11 3

U. O Whereof w?.5 Applied towards the Redu£Fon of

M the National Debt ----- 444.79s 5 7

2 < (il Total on Account of Interest - 1,581,503 5 8

ft. X Ditto for Charge of Management 15,685 5 Si

Ml Ditto on Account of the Reduction of

W < the National Debt - 444.798 5 7 — — -

< fU II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills - -

su «A ill. Issuet for Purposes appointed by the Parliament

of Ireland prior to the Union m m - -

IV. KTues from Appropriated . Funds for Local

" r civil List 161,873 l6 9|

113.765 11 5

1 Other Permanent Charges - - - *44*975 1

VI. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Re-

Z ceipts; viz.

Bounties ----- 36,737 >4 >°i

tsL Militia and Deserters Warrants - - - 15,650 IO l\

« H < VII. Manning the Fleet ----- - .

w ct C

Mk. L IX. Army. — Ordinary Service; viz.

, Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, and Volun-

> teer Corps, 6cc. - *.785,336 5 — i *

O Barracks ----- - 329,320 10 11

Ul 0. Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons - 5'.S54 3 ill

X Half Pay Officers, and Reduced Chaplains 15,946 2 41

H Officers Widows 5.*9* 4 9l

55 Royal Hospital ----- . 3 *.999 16 8|

O Public Officers, their Deputes, Clerk?, and -

Incidental Experces - 6,001 it 9

Allowances to Reduced Officers 3.325 6 Si

- 3,229,582 2 —

Extraordinary Services - - - 353*93

2,041,986 16 8 2

96,665 7 2 J

L954»2I5 1 1$ 20,682 16 3I

total.

4»l,3>55° 1 3£

4*0.614 9 3!

5*388 5 —

23.144 6 6

324.899 15 2

3.5 .77S 3 ii 559.809 a ni

Appendix# (No. 64.) Mali.

4,963,631

H

£- ' 9,077,181 3 s*

Treasury Charrbers, Dublin Castle, 1 April loth 1802. J

G. Cavendish.

10 Q

Appendix,

(Nfo. 65.)

j* Mail.

An ACCOUNT of the PUBLIC FUNDE D DEBT of Ireland, as the same flood on the $th January 1802; distinguishing the Year*

Fund — the Annual interest and Annuities and the fever*! Portions thereof payable in London and Dublin

Payable in DUBLIN: Pjyable in LONDON:

By wlut ACTS Created. £ v>o». per Cent, per Annum. £ 4- per Cent per Annum. £ 5 P*r Cent, per Annum. (; £ 5- l*r Conl* per Annum, (Biitifli Currency.^ £-Z- P«r Cent. Conlo iJu'ed Annuities, (BrriQi Currency.) £ 3- percent. Reduced Anouirie*, (Britishi Currency.) £.4. perCent, Consolidated Annuities (British Currency.)

£ £. £ ' £ s. d £ d. £. 1. d. £ * *

i -

17 Geo. III. - - - - m m m a

25 Geo. III. - - - - -x -

27 Geo. III. ..... 200,000

28 Geo. III. ..... 9i8,24°

27, 29, and 31 Geo. III. 174200

200,000 —

Vote of Credit 1 ith June 1793 - - 1 50,000 — - - -J

34 Geo. III. - 487.983 6 8 500.000 - -

35 Geo. III. - - - 400,c oo 1,100,000 ——

36 Geo. III. ..... 640,000 — — 1 -

Vote of Credit 18th October 1796 300,000 — — ... *>

37 Geo. III. - - 635,000 I ;: - I.875.OOOO 750 000 — — 300,000 — — |

38 Geo. III. m m m m - 2,043.950 3. OOOO, OOOO — — 1,00c COO -

39 Geo. III. ..... - 2,01 1,000 — — 3./.0,000 1,500,000

40 Geo. III. - - - 2,500,000 2,200,000 — 940,000 -

41 Geo. 111. - 41.98s >9 7 - 3»1 2j.OCO — 1,268,750

BANK of IRELAND: 3i and 37 Geo. III. - -1 600,000 .

37 Geo. III. - 500,000 — — *

1,118,240 174,200 10,209,919 6 3 1,900,000 — — Irish Currency: 1.058,333 6 8 13,950,000 — Iiiih Current *#: 45,112,300 5.458.750 Irish Currency: 5.913,645 16 8 c 300.000 Jrifli Currency: 325.000 5.913.645 16 8 !

Total P.incipal Debt, on 5th January 1802 -

I S .1 12 $00 - -II

2,058333 6 8

10,201^919 6 3

174,2^0 ——

1,118,240 — —

34,911.838 9 7

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, 24th April 1802.

3° Maii.

An ACCOUNT of the REDUCTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Ireland, borrowed as Part of EogliQi Loans, in England, to the iftof February 1802: Distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds — how much of each Fund respectively has been Redeemed — the Total Sums Paid on Account thereof — at what Average Price of Stocks — and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying the Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof payable in London.

FUNDS. CAPITALS. STOCK Redeemed by Average Price of Stocks, Sums Annually applicable, in London, to the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland.

Sinking Fund. Total Sue ni Paid. with Interest. ( Annual Income of J each Loan. Annual Interest on Stock Redeemed.

Loan ,797 £. 1,875,000, 3-Per-Cent. Consolidated 750.000, 3-Per-Cent. Reduced 300.000, a-Per-Cent. Consolidated 4,8759 Long Annuities £.113,850 *9-774 £65.768 75. *53 19 io7 4 7 1 £57 1611 £ 29 861 8 3 If/* ' J £- 3,4* 5 10 t 3.«93 4 4

*79*- £.$,000,000, 3-Per-Cent. Consolidated 1,000,000, 3-Per-Crnt. Reduced 4,916. 13. 4. Long Annuities £ 88.326 *45>°S4 £.6 3,608 78,381 17 6 3 11 8 J £.60 16 9 £.40.640 f £ 649 15 1 4-3S* 7 4

*799 £. 3,7 :;o,oooot 3-Per-Cent. Consolidated' 1,500,000, 3-Per-Cent. Reduced 1 £. 88,298 I 109,540 £54.4*3 68,872 <2 77 19 a J £.6* 6 5 £.52,500 1 £.2,648 18 t 3.*86 4 9

1800 - £. 2,200.000, 3-PerCent. Consolidated! 940,000, 3-Per-Cent. Reduced I £ 39.361 3*.*76 £*4-3 24,13* '!-!} £62 3 4 £.31,400 \£. 1,180 17 t *>*4* 5 2 7

1801 £.3,125,000, 3-Per-CenL Consolidated 1,268,750, 3*Per-Cent. Reduced j £ *7.6'9 I6.3O8 £.10,984 10,984 £64 *5 ~ *£43,937 *0 — 1 ... t£. 528 11 I 4*9 4 4 9

' 1 ! £.786.407 £ 476.433 ‘ 1 - '£.198,339 18 3 1 £ *3.59* 3 10

London,

3d February 1802.

Puget and Bainbridgt.

in which each Part thereof wat Created: — Distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inveded — the Amount of the Capital Stock of each respectively — the Charge of Management — and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt.

ChMje of Management. ANNUAL CHARGE for Redemption of NATIONAL DEBT: TOTAL

Annual Id tart ft. A anilities on Lives or Terms of Ydfcra. Porfuant to Act of 37 Geo. III. for Redemption of Debt then existing. By Ajfts providing £. 1 per Cent for Redemption of Debts Created since 1797. of Annual Expence.

C A d. £. /. </. £. /. £ /# £. 4. £. /. d.

15.900 15,900 — —

- 10,500 — — ' - - 10,500 — —

- 22,500 - - - . 22,500 — —

*.*5° — — w 2,250 — —

39.138 8 — - . 39,138 8 —

6.968 6,968 — —

>7,500

51,482 IO 10,296 10 — 346 2 6 - . 62,125 2^6

1 79»5®3 6 8 18,058 13 8 6 1 6 - 98,325 1 10

48,250 — — >3*437 — 3C7 *4 7 . ... 7* >95 4 7

v 30,06a 10 — J.i8t 5 — 1.394 *3 7 67.63s 4 *8,714 11 8 243,088 8 7

232,197 10 — S*3»6 7 9 1.932 6 icj - 64.466 3 *4 303,922 7 11-}

*7i.»75 ... 2,507 1 io\ ... 76.875 350,5^7 1 loj;

227,050 — — ... 1*518 6 5 - 59.016 13 4 *87,584 19 9 1

144.896 3 ji 2,141 18 io] mm 47.598 19 s 194,637 1 b\

30.000 — — 18,125 — 30,006 — —

25.000 — — >.367 < 3 5,000 — — 48,1*5 '.367 3

*.3°3»303 »i 1*9.415 6 5 .'98 7 69,885 8 4 291,671 7 6 1,806,483 17 10$

Appendix,

(No. 65.)

7* Maii.

Life Annuities.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Annuities expired Anno 1797.

Total Charge for Debt of Irslan*.

Management on so moch of the Debt, payable in Dublin, as has been converted into Stock, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland. The Remainder is not chargeable with Management.

G. Cavendijtu

An ACCOUNT of the PROGRESS made in the REDUCTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of IaitANb, to the 5th of January 1802; Distinguishing — the Capitals of the several Funds — how much of each Fund respectively has been Redeemed — the Total Sums paid on Account thereof, and at what Average Price of Stocks — and what Sums are now applicable to the Redpttion thereof; specifying their Annual Amount; and the federal Portions thereof payable in Dublin.

' 5-Per-Cent. Stock Average Price of Sums Annually appl to the Redu&jon oJ licable, in Uiland/ f the National Debt. <v

F v N D s. capitals. Redeemed by Sinking Fund. Total Sums Paid. Stocks, with Interest. r Annual Income of each Loan. I V Annual Interest, at 5-Per-Cent, on Stock Redeemed.

Loans prior to 1797 - - £ m £ A d. 446,294 I. 4 £. t. 4. 361,481 16 — £ A 8» 4 4 £ * do 69,885 8 4 £. s. 4. *3*4 *4 7

Loan of . - - 1797 - 500,000 30,560 1 7 *5*489 *5 *i 83 t* 5*000 — — 1,528 — 1

Loan 1797 r - 635,000 38,811 6 — 32.37* — — 8j 8 2 tt 6,350 1,940 11 4

Loan - - - - 1798 - - 328,000 H»9l5 — »*74« 7 5 85 8 6r % 3,280 745 *5 ""

Loan - - - - 1798 - 1,715950 78,028 13 10 66,657 3 11 85 8 6t‘5 17,159 10 — 3,901 8 8

Loan - 1799 - - 2,000000 60,217 11 10 53*654 '5 3 89 T* 20,000 — — 3,010 17 7

Loan 1800 - - 2,500,000 43,869 8 4 39*>33 *3 5 89 4 > h 25,000 — — *»>93 9 5

712,696 I4 59*,530 11 a* m 146,67418 4 35,634 16 8

AT the Establishment of the Sinking Fund, £. 100,000 per Annum was granted for the then existing Debts; £.32,364. 11 /. &d. of which was appropriated to the Reduction of Money borrowed for Ireland by the Government of that Country in Great Britain, in the Year 1797; and £. 67,635. 8/. 4^. with £. 2,250 per Annum expired Annuities, which fell in afterwards, to the Remainder of the Debt due by Ireland prior to the Year 1797, without any Reference to the Amount.

The Money borrowed for Ireland by the Government of Great Britan is not included in the above Statement, bcinjf settled for in England by the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland.

Jer. Fickers, Sec'.

Vo 1. 57.

3* A'Tati.

884

A. 1S01.

Appendix*

(No. 66.)

3* Mail.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sam of S5 3»19 3 * 1 \ Part of £.650,000, gnnt?d to His Majbstt, ti defray the EXTR AORDIN ARY SERVICES of the A R M V, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called IRELAND (with the Dates of the respective Payments); for the Year i8o».

1801. January 14.

21.

28

February 4.

Paid Major General Myers, to reimburse him for Advances to sundry Women left behind on the Embarkation of the Regiments to which their Husbands belonged, at Cork -Brigade Major Williamson, Balance of his Contingent Account, from the lit April 18:0 to 30th June following -

Brigade Major McKay, the like, for same Time ——

Br. Major Annesley, the like, for same Time ——

Br. Major Woolridge, the like, for same Time ——

Rev. Dr. Samuel Murray, Rector of St. Paul's, Additional Allowance for attending the Sick in Garrison of Dublin, for Six Months, to 29th September 1800 -

Assistant Quarter Mailer General McDonald, Additional Pay, from 3d May 1799 to 31(1 December following, 243 Days ——

Major Commandant Fairtlough, Full Pay as Major of Drogheda Militia, 273 Days, from 1 ft January 1800 to 30th September following, at 15/. per Day - -

Adjutant Gruebe^, of laid Corps, Ditto, at 4/. pet Day ——

Chaplain Fairtlough, Ditto - - Ditto, at 6r. 8 d. per Day -

Gasper Erck, Esq; to be paid over to the Clerks in the War-Office, on Account of Increase of Bu finds ——

Joseph Atkinson, Esq; late Deputy Judge Advocate General, to reimburse him for Extra Expences for Stationary, Postage, &c. during the Period of his being employed in that Department ——

Br. General Prince, 200 Days Bat and Forage, for himself and his Brigade Major, for Campaign 1800 - - - - .

Br. Major Watts, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account, from id January to 31st

March 1800.....-....

Br. Major Keating, Balances of his Contingent Account, from id April to 30th Jon? 1800

Captain Watts, Brigade Major - - - Ditto....

Assistant Adjutant General Willsford, his Additional Pay, from ill April to 31st December 1799, 275 Days Gross ——

Agent to 6th Dragoon Guards, Allowance of Sadlery for Augmentation:

160 Sets, at A 6. 6. 5 each, being the augmd Number - £. 1,011 16 81 I

96 Sets for dismounted Men to be mounted - - - 607 i'-)

D<

D«>

- - - Do D°

23d Dragoons - - -24th

Kerry Militia, Bounty of 94 Men, who were wanted to replace that Number of Volunteers from said Regiment to Regiments of the Line -Capt. Evans, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, his Additional Pay, from 111 April to 31st December 1799 ——

Capt. Blaquire, as Captain of an Independent Company, from ill July to 31st December

1800 - -- --.....-

Capt. Le Geyt - - - D° - - - 92 Days, to 31st December 1800 -

Agent JLancashire Volunteers, on Account of Contingent Expences - - .

Capt. Wade, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, Balance Contingent Account, from 3d May to 30th June 1799

D° - - - D°

B. General Barnett -

- - - Meyrick - -

- - - Colin Campbell

- - - Clephane - -

D° - - from ill to 31st July 1799

D° - - from ill April to 30th Juue 1800

D»--- D°--D°-D° - - - D° - - D° -

D° - - - D° - - D° -

M. General Sir James Duff, Balance of ContP Account, from id April to 30th June 1800 -

B. Major N. McLeod

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto B. Gen. Scott

- - Grofe

- - McKenzie

- - Dalrymple

- - Drummond

- - Dunne -

- - Henniker

Lieut. Col. Brownrigg

D®

- ill August to 31st March 1799 |

- id April to 30th June -

- ill July to nth August - -

- ill April to 30th June 1800 -

D° - -

- 1 zth to 30th June 1800 -

- ill April to D® -

- D° -

- D° -

- D® - -

Agent to Prince of Wales's Cavalry, on Account of Expence of Pay Lifts 4th Dragoon Guards - - - - D° -

cth - - D®.....- T>°

Romney Fencibles - D° - -

South Cork Militia - - - D° -

Downshire. r Galway -Tyrone -Kilkenny -

Meath ..... Fermanagh -Westmeath -Wicklow -

Northampton Fencibles Essex -

D°

D"

Do

D°

D®

D® *

D®

D®

D®

D®

£ ' ' 309 19 4-

20 3 10

35 1* 2

2 2 111

i.

42 *9 49 3

12 10 —

60 15 —

204 15 —

54 >2 — 91 ——

263 15 —

100 — —

120 ——

27

44 31

Si

68 15 —

1,618 18 8

8 8

1.618 18

1.618 18

320 15 6 68 15 —

46 ——

46 ——

1,000 — —

31 *9 2 16 15 10

>49 11 5

>75 >5 — 53 16 10

78 4 9

233 14 6

59 ——

22 15 — 10 10 —

♦' +"

‘54 3 7x 90 «9 9 7 5 9 ‘44 >9 5, 262 6 4i

‘49 1 6 64 9 —

53 '9 — 68 9 4 58 1 4 70 4 — 94 16 —

3,094

1

Carried forward

881 10 6f

655 5 3*

5,338 6 6

135

la 1 6 8

117 ——

93 >2 — 93 *2 — 70 4 — 70 4 —

70 4 —

122 8 4

121 6 8

£-\ 4,09 3 3

6,875 4

l80l.

February 4.

11.

18.

Brought forward - £.

Agent to Devon and Cornwall Militia, on Account of Expence of Pay Lifts Somerset - - ----- D° v ——

Durham - - - - D°

Cheshire Fencibles - - - D° ——

62J Foot, 2d Battalion - - - - D* ——

23d Dragoons, Sadlery Allowance for 80 Men, being an Augmentation granted I ft January 1797 -

William Hemsworth, Clerk in Commander in Chief's Office (with £.10 issued from Grant for General Officers) of a Year, to 31st December 1800 - -

Arthur Stanley, Clerk in D°, J of a Year, to D° ——

Net - f -

Capt. (Lt. Col.) James Blaquire, Independent Captain, 92 Days, to 31st December 1800 -

Capt. Christopher Clerke - D* - - - D° -

Capt. S1 Geo. Irwin - - - - D° - - - - D° -

Capt. Ponsonby Watts - - - - D* - - - - D° - -

Col. Handheld, Commissary Gen1, on further Account of £. 173,319. 4. 5. (10,000 Net)

Br. Gen. Champagne, Balance of Contingent Account, from ift April to 30th June 1800 -

Agent 9th Dragoons, Allowance for Sadlery for the Augmentation:

160 Sets, at £. 6. 6. 5 \d. p.

96 D° - - D° - - for the dismounted Men

22d D° - - - - D° - - - D° -

- /. 1,011 16 8 I

607 2 — J

Northampton Fencibles, Camp Allowances for Ensign Hemsworth, full Allowance ift Time, omitted in Estimate for 1800 ——

Cheshire Fer.cibles - D° - - - for Ensign and Adjutant Pennington, y double

Comn, omitted in Estimate for 1800 D° - D° - - - for Ensign O'Mearn, Difference between y and

full Allowance, Campaign 1800 -

Fermanagh Militia, Camp Allowance for One Captain, omitted in Estimate 1800 Wicklow Militia, D° for Surgeon Grattan, y omitted in Estimate for 1800 -

Agent Lancashire Volunteers, on Account of Contingent Expences -

Agents for the following Regiments, Bounty of Four Guineas per Man, to replace those

Men v. ho Volunteered for General Service:

Armagh Militia Tyrone Meath - -Galway - -Cork, S uth -Fermanagh Wicklow - -

Westmeath

- 232 Men

- 406

- 344 "

- 290

- 173 "

- 170 -

- 121

- 195 -

- £ *>8+7 6 —

*.56S 4 — 1,319 10 — 787 3 —

773 10 — 35° > — 8S7 5 —

Agent 56th Foot, being for Forage for the Adjutant's Horse of said Regiment, from jft September 1800 to 28th February 1801 ——

Agents to the following Regiments, being for Forage for the Adjutants Horses; viz. 64th Foot - - 5th to 28th of February 1800 -

68th ----- D° to 24th D° ——

Dublin County Limerick Count Roscommon Sligo - -

1

18

6 —

18 —

2

- D° - - - - to - - D° - - - - 18 2 —

- D° - - - - to - - D° - - - - 18 2 —

- D° - . - - to - - D° - - - - 18 2 —

- D° - - - - to - - D° - - - - 18 2 —

Agents q6th Foot, being Pay due to the Paymaster of said Regiment in their Agency, from ift July 1800 to 28th February 1801 ——

4,109

s. d.

3 3

117 -

117 ——

117 — — 99 13 4 16 s —

504 18 10

15 ——

S>ioi — s

46 ——

46 ——

46 ——

46 - -

10,582 — i\

Agents of the following Regiments, being the Amount of Pay due to Paymasters in their Agency, from the ift July 1800 to 28th February 1801; viz.

Carlow Militia - - - - ^.182 5 —

Dublin County - - - - 182 5 —

Limerick County - - - - 182 5 —

Rofcommoh - - - 182 5 —

Agents of the Meath Militia, for Losses sustained by the Officers of said Militia during the late Rebellion ——

Agents of the Armagh Militia, Offreckoning for the Augmentation of said Regiment 5 viz. Eight Months Offreckonings for Eight Serjeants, 240 Privates, and

Eight Coins* Men ----- ---- £. 446 15 2

365 Days for said Augmentation ----£. 670 2 9

Dedud 32 Days, from the 15th August to 15th September

1800, the Termination of the exilling Alignment - 58 15 —

- — 611 7 9

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -Agents to the Carmarthenshire Militia, on Account of their Incidental Expences Major General Myers, on Account of the Contingent Expences incidental to his Command in the Southern District ——

Major General Morrison, on Account of his Contingent Expences -

no 18 2

1.618 18

1.618 18

Carried forward

- £

10 R

12 lo —

12 10 —

4 2 —

12 IO ---

8 8 —

i,oooo ——

1,055 12 — .

6,875

d. 4

7> 73o 9 —

18 2 —

Appendix* (No. 66.) 3* Ma

cantwutd.

15,867 — 7£

3,398 is 6

94 *4 "

182 s —

729 — 328 11

Si

1,058 2 II

12,196 16 4i

10,582

2*500

200

60

21

*3>34« — *i

5*337 >4 19

Appendix, (No. 66.) 3* Ma

t — tmutd.

1801. February 25*

March <

11.

18.

Brought forward -

Lieutenant General Gardiner, being the Balances due on his Contingent Accounts; viz.

- - - «9* >7 *£

- 2*5 13 — i

From 1 ft January to 31st March 1800 From 1 ft April to 30th June

Major General Barber, being the Balance due on his Contingent Account, % from ift January to 31 March 1800 - '

Brig. General Drummond, being the Balance of his Contingent Account, from ift January to 31st March 1800 ——

Lieutenant Colonel Littlehailes, on Account of the Contingent Expences incidental to his Department of Private and Military Secretary Gasper Erclc, Esq. on Account of the Incidental Expences of the War-Office Agents to the ift and 2d Battalions of the 46th Foot, on the Medical Account of the said Battalions ——

The following General Officers, being the Balances of their Contingent Accounts; viz. Major General Myers, from ift October to 31st December 1799 - £. 162 6 3

Lieutenant General Johnson, ift January to 31st March 1800

B. M. Sandys, Balance due to him on his Contingent Account; viz.

From ift January to 31st March 1800 -

ift April - - 30th June -

202 9 71

c 43

- 36 >9

7i

4i

Agents of the following Regiments, being Bounty to replace those Men made Serjeants on the late Augmentation;

Carlow Militia, 5 Serjeants - - - - £.22 15 —

Limerick County, 8 D° - 36 8 —

Agents of the ift and sd Battalions of the 13th Foot, on Account of Hospital Contingent Expences; viz.

1 ft Battalion - - £. 188 —

2d - D® - - - - 140 11 —

Lieutenant Colonel Raymond, Allowance at £.i per Day, from 26th June to 30th September 1800, as Inspector of Cloathine ——

Francis Paterson, Esq. Advocate General and Judge Martial, One Quarter's Allowance to 31st December 1800, for defraying the Expence of Stationary, See. for his Office -

Captain Ormsby, Paymaster to the Sligo Militia, the Amount of his Pay from ift July 1800 to 28th February 1801 ——

Major General Nugent, Adjutant General, being Half a Year's additional Allowance due to the Clerks, &c. in his Office, from ift April to 30th September 1800; viz.

Mr. Weldon, from £.60 to £.80 per Annum - - - - £. 10-

Mr. Bullock - - 50 to - 6c - D® - - - - 7 10 —

Henry Bowles, employed with an Allowance of £. 12 per Annum - - 6 — —

One Serjeant at £.30 per Annum - - - . - 13 — —

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -Major General Myers, on Account of the Contingent Expences incidental to his Command in the Southern District ....

Br. General Drummond, the Balance of his audited Contingent Account with Government, from lit October to 3 ift December 1799 ——

Agents to the following Persons, being the Balances of their Contingent Accounts; viz. Lieutenant General Dundas, from lit July to 30th September 1800 £. 251 3 1

Major General Graham

- - Sir Chatles Ross

Br. General S. P. Dalrymple

- - - Dunne

- - - Drummond

- - - Henniker -

Br. Major Ormsby

- - - McKay -

- - - Needham -

- - - Willianifon

Wooldridge

D®

D°

28th

30th

D°

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D*

D°

D°

Lieut. Col. Biownrigg, Deputy Quarter Master General, D°

18

- ico 9 —

75

138

200

>47

40

47

56

*4

3

1

<9

7

30 16

59 2 70 11

1

3

10

7

2

H

6

4

Si

Major General Needham, Balance due him on his Contingent Account, from ift July to 30th September 1800 ——

Br. General Champsigne - - D°--D*--D°-

Lieutenant General Eustace D# - - D° - - D®

The following Officers, being the Balances of their Contingent Accounts; viz. Major General Myers, from lit July to 30th September 1800 - £. 171 13 I

Madden - D° - - D° ... 106 16 — J

Br. Major Sandys - - - D® - - D° - - 3776

- - Watts - - - D° - . D® - - - 3415 6

The following General and Staff Officers, being the Balances of their Contingent

Accounts; viz.

Lieutenant General Craig, ift July to 30th September 1800 - - £ 169 I 1

Br. General Wallofton - - D® - - . - - 140 2 4

Br. Major Uniacke - - - D° - - - . - 46 52

Br. General Strutt, on his Supplementary Account - - . 93 12 —

Major General Barber, Balance of his Contingent Account, from the ift July to 30th September i8co -Br. Major OrmlLy, Balance of his Contingent Account, from ift July to 30th Sept. 1800

Carried forward £

£ ' '

13.34*

— 2 >

418 10 3 1,562 6 6 i*4 S 8

IOO ——

IOO ——

200 — —

36+ 15 icl

80 12 --

S9 3 —

3*8 " 7

97 ——

25 ——

182 5 —

38 10 —

10,5 82 -- 2i

300 — -

no 7 7]

«:*8f 9 *i

*4» 9 S

263 12 II 211 I3 ---

350 12 i|

449 — 7r

226 14 IO

40 9 6

14,067 9 5!

£ x. '

38,337 14 10

15,847 2 7f

955 2 6

220 15 —

55,360 14 n£

Geo. III.

Appendix.

I^ot. March ig.

Brought forward

The following General and Staff Officers, the Balances due them on

Accounts viz.

Lieut. General Sir Charles Afgill, ift July to 30th September 1800 Major General Sir James Duff - - D°

Major General Ludlow, ift July to 30th August

- - - - - Morrifoo, ift July to 30th September

----- Trench - - D°

Br. General Barnet D°

- - - C. Campbell - - D°

- - - - D. Campbell, 18th Tune to D°

- - - - Clephane - ift July to D®

- - - - Mey*ick - - - D®

Br. Major Carey, D® to 21st August

- Higgins - to 30th September

- - - Trench - D°

Captain Doughft, Afliilant Quarter Mailer General Captain Nicholson, Aid de Camp to General Lake, from ift April

11 th August ——

Captain G. A. F. Lake, D® ift April to 30th June D® - - - D° - 1 ft July to 1 ith August

their

- -

Contingent

- D°

to

£78 —

»52 3

4° 6 6

136 11 8

186 12 4f

>45 IO 7

>33 I 2

97 3 5

124 16 10

S>3 17 1

6 16

45 1 —

37 7 6

10 *3 8

43 4 6

29 11 6

>3 13 —

The following General and Staff Officers, being the Balances of their Contingent

Accounts; viz.

Lieutenant General Earl of Clanricarde, ift to 3bth September 1800 £.73 10 — *

Lieutenant General Gardiner, ill July to - - D® - - *84 17 9

Br. General Scott - - D°- - - D° - 93 3 1

Br. Major Shearman - - D3 - - D* - - 28 7 —

Br. General Grofe - - D° - - - D® - - 134- 13

Major General Sir James Duff, for Maintenance of, and Proceedings against Persons under Martial Law, Sec, ——

Agents to the fallowing Regiments, to enable the Payraaflers of those Regiments to pay to the Men wno shall volunteer into the 32d and 38th Regiments of Infantry, that Part of the Bounty (being Three Guineas per Man) which shall become due to them on their volunteering; viz.

Cheshire Fencibles

Devon and Cornwall

Durham

EiTLx -

Northampton

Somerset

90 Men -

90 — -

90 — -

90 — -

90 — -

120 —

.307

3°7

307

3 °7 307 409

2 6 2 6 2 6 2 6 2 6 10 —

Agents to the following Regiments of English Fencibles, to enable the Paymasters of those Regiments to pay to the Men who shall volunteer into the 32ft and 38th Regiments of Infantry, that Part of the Bounty (being Three Guineas per Man) which shall become due to them on their so volunteering; viz.

Leicester Fencibles - - 90 Men - - - - £*307 2 6

Northampton - - - 90 — - - 307 2 6

York - 180 ----- - 614 5 —

Agents to the following Regiments, to enable the Paymasters of those Regiments to pay to the Men who shall volunteer into the 32J and 38th Regiments of Infantry, that Part of the Bounty (being Three Guineas per Man) which shall become due to them on their so volunteering; viz.

Suffolk Fencibles - - - 90 Men - - ,£.307 2 6

Manx Fencibles (Three Guineas per Man) 120 — - - 409 10 —

Agents of the Northumberland Fencibles, to enable the Paymasters of the said Regiment to pay to the Men who shall volunteer into the 32d and 38th Regiments of Infantry, that Part of the Bounty (being Three Guineas per Mao) for 90 Men, which shall become due to them on their so volunteering ——

Agents of the 32d and 38th Regiments of Infantry, to enable the Paymasters of said Regiments to pay the Remainder of the Bounty (including the Guinea for Necessaries on joining said Regimenu) which will be due to the Volunteers from certain Regiments of English Fencible Infantry to the 32d and 33th Regiments of Infantry aforesaid, in order to complete the said Regular Regiments to 800 Men each, 32d Foot £.4,634. 4. 6.

— 38th Foot £.4,9+4- *3- 3-....

Agents to the following Regiments of Militia, on Account of Pay Lifts; viz.

Antrim Militia, from ift April 179S to 31st March 1801 - - - £ >>* —

Cavan - D® - - - 89 —

Clare - D® - - - - 89 —

Dublin City - D® - - - - 112 —

Kildare - D® - - - 8l —

King's County - D® - - - - 6l —

Leitrim - D® - - - - 89 —

Limerick City - - D> - - - - 89 —

Londonderry - — D® - - - 137 —

Louth - D® - - - I24 —

Mayo, North - D® - - - I08 —

Queen's County - - D® - - - - 89 —

Tipperary - D® - - - - 137 —

Agen s to the Donegal Militia, for Eight Months Offreckonings for the Augmentation of "10 Serjeants, 300 Privates, and 10 Contingent Men to said Regiments, to provide Accoutrements....

Carried forward

A ,.

>4>°°7 9 Si

1,894 II 8

614 11 6| 500 ——

>>945

a 6

1,228 10 —

716 12 6

307 2 6

9*578 17 9

1,317 —

558 9

887

J. Appendix;

14 11$ (No. 66.)

30 M

continued.

32,728 6 ji

55,360 14 1 if

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

tontinueJ.

l8oi.

March 18.

April 15

22

Brought forward - - - £,

Agents to the following Regiments, the Balance of Offreckonings due said Regiments; viz. Limerick City Militia, 20 Months Offreckonings for an Augmentation of 6 Serjeants and ifio Privates to said Regiments, including Contingent Men - £.837 *3 S

Deduct 228 Days, from 23d October 1800 (Date of placing upon the Establishment to 7th June 1801

13th Foot, D° - D°, for 210 Men, including 10 Contingent Men - -

Deduct 164 Days from 23d January 1800 (the Date of placing on the Establishment) to 5th July 1800, which will be added to and placed in the Warrant ended 5th July 1800, at £. 1. 9/. 8d. 40 P:s per Day

313 19

903 7 6

243 10 9

S23 *4 4

659 16 9

Agents to the Donegal Militia, being the Offreckonings due said Regiment; viz.

36; Days Offreckonings for the Augmentation - £.837 l3

Dedud 256 Days, from the lit December 1S00 to 13th August 1801,

the Termination of the then cxiiting Alignment - - - $87 10 5

Surgeon Ncligan, of the Meath Militia, being Compensation for Losses sustained by him during the Tate Rebellion ——

AfTiltant Surgeon McDermott, of the Meath Militia, being the Pay of an Ensign, allowed him from the ill of September 1798 to 31st December 1800, the same being an Advance on the Contingent Account of the said Regiment - -

Edward Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War-Office, being his additional Salary, at £. 60 per Annum, from the 10th November 1800 (the Day it commenced) to the 10th February 1801 -

Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigg, on Account of pay due him as Inspector General of Cloathing, from the 26th June to 31st December 1800, at £. 1 per Day Messrs. Armit and Borough, being the Additional Salaries due the Adjutant General's Clerks, at £.77 per Annum, from ill October to 31II December 1800 -

Colonel Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

The following Persons, for 184 Days Bat and Forage;* viz.

Lieutenant Colonel Littlehales, Secretary to Commander in Chief, from

ill July to the 311! December 1800 - - - - ^.41 8 —

D* - as A.D. C. to Ld. Lieut. D° to D° - - - 41 8 —

Captain Aldridge, A.D. C. to the Lord Lieutenant, from id July to

3til December 1800 - - - 18 8 —

Cornet McManus, AfTiltant in the Commander in Chief *s Office, D° to D° 18 8 —

Town Major Sirr, 184 Days Bat and Fbrage, from id July to 31st December 1800 Deputy Town Major Swan, D° — D° — to D° - -

Agents to the following Regiments, being Bounty at Four Guineas per Man (including Marching Guinea) lor the Substitutes, to replace the Men that volunteered from said Regiments into Regiments of the Line; viz.

Downshire South Militia, 161 Men ----- - £. 732 n —

Kilkenny.....23a — -.....1,055 12 —

Agents to the Meath Militia, the Amount of the Debts of the Men of said Regiment*, who volunteered for the Line ——

Agents of the Londonderry Militia, on Account of the Offreckonings, See, of the Augmentation; viz.

10 Serjeants, 300 Privates, and 10 Contingent Men, 8 Months Offreckonings ----- ----- 55S 9 —

365 Days Offreckonings for said Augmentation - - 837 13 6

Dedud 280 Days, from ift October 1800 to 10th July

1801, the Termination of the then exilting Alignment 642 ia —

----- ----- ---- sl95 1 6

The Agents to the Kerry Militia, being the Difference of Pay between the Rank of Captain, Lieutenant, and Paymulier, from ill October 1800 to 31st of March 1801, duw Captain Orpin of Lid Regiment -

Major General Myers, on Account of the Incidental Expences incident to his Command Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Littlehales, to reimburse the Clerks in the War-Office, for thur Extra Labour and Pains on Account of the great Increase of Business in the War-Office ——

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Pay due the Paymasters of said Regiments; viz.

Berwick Dragoons,

Cambridge

Dumfries -> -

Eli ex - -

Durham, at £, 7. 15 Roxburgh -

Aberdeen Fencibles Nottingham -

Re ay -

Tay -

ArgyJc - - £. 7

1'itc, £.o. IJ. o. r

Clanalpine - -M'Icod'i -

£ ' ' 32,728 6 11

1,183 11 1

25° 3 1 80 18 9

198 16 — !5 ——

X 89 — — 19 5 —

10,582

x19 12 —

55 4-55 +

i Cornet - - 168 Days, to 15 September 1800 53 16 —

Lieutenant - 175 - - - 22 - - D° - 52 10 —

Cornet - - 168 — — lS - - D° - 5* 16 —

Lieutenant - 168 - - *5 - - D9 - 5° 8 —

per Troop - 175 - - - 22 - . D° - 23 — —

Captain - - 180 - - 27 - - D° - 3 ]5 —

- D9 - - - 365 - - to 31 March 1801 - 101 12 11

- D° - - - D* to - - D° - - 101 12 11

- D° - - - D° - - to - - D9 - - 101 12 11

D° - - - D* to - . D* - - ICI 12 11

*r Company - D9 - - to - - D° - - 70 - — —

Day - - - D* - - to - - D* - - 273 15 —

Lieutenant . D9 - to - - D° - - 170 6 8

Lnsign - - D* — to - - D° . - 188 11 8

Carried forward - - £ i,3S6 10 —

1,733 3 2C0 7 11

753 10

18

200 —

263 15 —

£ a d. 55,360 14 i'i

34,665 — 10

>5 4

104,188 11 i£

1801. April 22.

29

Klay 6.

*3

Brought forward

York -

Antrim Militia, Cavan - - 1

Clare -Dublin City -Kildare - -

King's County Leitiim - -

Limerick City Londonderry Louth -

- D® -

- Lieutenant 15 /. a Day

Lieutenant, 151. per Day -

- D® - -

- Lieutenant

- - D* .

20.

Tipperary Invalids J

- - - D® -

- D3 - _ to - - D® - - - _

365 Days - - to - - D° -

- - D® - - . to - - D® - -

- D° - - - to - - D° - - - _

- D® - - . to - - D® -

- D° - - - to - - D® - -

from 13 May . to - - D® - -

- 365 Days - to - - Du - -

- - D® - to - D® - -

- - D® - to - - D® - - .

- - D® - to - D® - - - .

>any -

Day - D° - - to - - D° - -

- - D® - - to - - D® -

ift April 1798 - to - - D® - -

John Ebbs, to reimburse him for his Labour and Pains on Account of Military Business -

Agents of the 7id Regiment of Foot, on the Medical Account of said Regiment -Major General Nugent, Adjutant General, to reimburse him for the Englifti Portage, and other Incidental Expences of his Department, from the ift July 1800 to the 31st March 1801 ——

Colonel N.ipier, Comptroller of Army Accounts, on Account of the Contingent Expences of his Otftce ——

The following Oflicets, the Amount of their Bat and Forage; viz. Lirutrnant Colonel Freeman, Deputy Barrack Mailer General, 184 Days, from rl July to 31st December 1800, inclusive ... - - £. 41

Lieutenant v olonr! Stewart, Aflillant Adjutant General - D° - D° - 53

Lieutenant Colonel Tytler - - - D9 ..... to D° - 55

Captain Otway, in pait Payment, the Residue to be paid out of the Vote of Credit . - D® - - - to D° - -3$

8 — 4 — 4 —

>3 —

The following Persons for the like; viz.

Lieurcrant General Lake, as Commander in Chief, and One Aid de Camp,

lor 184 Days, to 3id August 1800

Major General Nugent, as Adjutant General, from I ft July to 31st December 1800 - - - ....

-£.161 4 —

no 8 —

Agents to the following Regiments, the Amount of the Forage for the Horses of the Adju'ants of said Regiments; viz.

Donegal Miliria, from 2Cth June 1700 to 31st March 1800 - - /.64 10 —

Wexford - - - - D° - - - 31 6 —

Cork, North - - - - D* - -- - 64 10 —

Caithness Fencible Infantry D° - - - - 64 IO —

Glengarry - - - - D® a - - - 64 10 —

Agents to the following Regiments, on the Contingent Account of said Regiments; viz. ad Foot " - - - ----- -- £.2,100 — —

29th D° - -- 2,300 — —

9*d D° - -- 1,700 — —

Agent for the Transmission of Deserters, on Account of the Expences attending the Transmission of Desertcri from this Country to Great Britain -

Agents of the following Regiments*being the Paymasters Pay of said Regiments; viz. Donegal Militia, from ill October 1800 to 31st March 1801 (James Benefon) at 15/.

per Day -.....£. 136 10 —

Wexford Militia, D° to D° (Ensign Alcock) at iOj. 4d. per Day - 94 — 8

Cork, North D® to D° (Lieutenant Bank) at 9/. 4d. per Day - - 84 18 8

Glengarry Fencibles, D° to D® (Committee of Paymastership) at 10/.

per Day - - - - 91 — 8

Caithness Legion, D" to D° (Lieutenant M‘Pherson) at 9/. 4*/. per Day 84 18 8

Sixth Dragoon Guards, ill November 1800 to D° (Committee of Pay-

mailcrlhtp) at ios. per Day - -- - - - -75 10 —

Lieutenant Colonel Raymond, Deputy Adjutant General, the Amount of his Bat and Forage for 184 Days, from 1 ft July to 31st December 1800 - -

Lieutenant General Johnlbn, on Account of his Contingent Expences -

D* ----- - D° - - of the Contingent Expences incidental to his

Command ——

Agents of 2d Battalion of Light Infantry, on Contingent Account -Agents to the Dutch Troops, on Account of the Contingent Expences incidental to the Service of those Corps in Ireland ——

D° to D°, on Account of the Incidental Expences of said Corps -

The following Independent Captains, being the Amount of their Pay; viz.

Captain Sir George Irwin, 90 Days, from the ift January to 31st March

1801, at 10/. per Diem - . £. 45 — —

Captain Christopher Clarke - - the like - - - 45 — —

Captain Ponsonby Watts - - - the like - - - 4$ —

Captain William Le Geyt - - - the like ——

Carried forward - - - £.

£ ' 1,356 10 —

3- — —

35 — —

170 , .6 8

273 *5 —

273 15 — 170 6 8

273 —

150 14 8

273 \S — 273 15 — ^70 6 8

170 6 8

84 —

273 'I *7

170 6 8

565 15 —

4,?2J !"

206 16 9

too ——

92 6 7

200 — ---

Appendix,

£ s-

104,188 11 (No. 66.)

3# Maiiy

continued.

187 9 —

27I 12 ---

289 6 —

6,100 — — 300 — —

6,689 6 —

366 18 —

41 8 —

23 9 3i

200 — — 400 — —

1,000 — —

1,500 — —

4.927 19 9*

39* 6 7

459 —

>35 ——

45 ——

3>344 >7 3r

7,256 4 —

117,224 2 6

10 S

v

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

3' Wait,

continued,

Appendix.

1802

1801. May 20.

*7

Brought forward -

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Pay due the Paymasters of said Regiments; viz.

56th Foot - from id March to 31st May 1801 Carlow M'liria - - - - ])°

County Dublin - - - D°

County Limerick - - - })° ....

Roicommon . . - D°

Sligo ----- -- D° ....

£ 69 ——

- 69 ——

- 69 — -

- 69 — —

- 69 ——

69 ——

The Pay of the Clerks of Paymasters to the following Regiments; viz. Donegal Militia, from ill October 1800 to 31st March 1801 - -

Wexford D° ——

Caithness Legion - - - D° - - - .

Glengarry Kencibles - - - D° ——

North Cork Militia - - - - D° - -

£ H

- >4

- 14

- 14

- 1 +

4}

4i

4i

4*

4l

Agents of the 92d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Camp Allowances for the Year 1799 ——

Agents to the following Regiments, on the Contingent Accounts of said Regiments, for the Years 1800 and 1801; viz.

Hompefch's Dragoons 6th uragoon Guards Cork, North Militia Donegall -

Wextord -

Caithness Legion Fencible Infantry Glengarry - - D°

18co:

1801:

Amount for the Year 1S00

312 *4 s - - - *05 — 2

8 —

- 251 *9 9*

61 16 10 - - - 27 3 IS 9*

110 10 1 - - - 47* lS si

40 — 2 - - - 8l *5 _ 1 / X

127 12 4 " - - 322 7 Si

,652 13 10 2,037 2 +1 Ji

" - 1; 1 *3 IO

The Agents to the Kilkenny Militia, being Offreckonings due said Regiment; viz. One Year's Offreckonings for Augmentation of 3ill January 1801; confiding of 8 Serjean s, 240 Privates, and 8 Contingent Men, at £.1. 16/. 8d. 64 per Day £.670

Dedud 182 Days, at £. I. 16/. % d. 64 per Day, from 31A January to 31st July 1801> to be included in Gloaming Warrant - - - 334

a 9

3 —

335 >9

D# - 8 Months Offreckonings, to provide Accoutrements for the Augmented Numbers of said Regiment ----- - 446 15

Agents of Bredalbane Fencibles, for the like Account; viz.

Eight Months, for 10 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 240 Privates, and 10 Contingent Men

365 Days for said Augmentation -

Deduct 76 Days, from 9th June to 23d August 1800

£ 723 «8 4

- 150 14 8

482 12 3

573 3 *

Agents to the 6th Dragoon Guards, being the Amount of their Offreckonings; viz.

730 Days for Augmentation - -- - £ L991 4 8

Dedud 400 Days, from the ill March i8co to the 4th April 1801 - 1,091 1 9

c

3»344

d.

11 & *'

71\117,224 2

Carried forward

414 ——

71 1 toil

682 10 —

2,689 *6

781 14 11

Colonel Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

The following Officers, being 200 Days Bat and Forage due to them for the

Campaign 1800:

Lieutenant General the Earl of Clanricarde and Two Aid de Camps - £. 190 — — Br. Major Ensign Cutting - - 20 — —

Lieutenant Colonel Whitw'orth, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, the like Cantain Bruce, as Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, 184 Days Days Bat and Forage, from ill July to the 31st December i8co ——

Major Miller, as D° - from D° - - to D*

Captain French, Assistant Quarter Mailer General - D°-D°-

Captain Evans, as D° - - - D° - - - D° to D° -

Doctor Trevor, Hospital Apothecary - - - D° to D° -

Doctor Renny, Dircdor General of Hospitals - - D° to Dw

Lieutenant Colonel Edward M‘Donncll, Alfillant Adjutant General, from

7th July to the 3ill of December i8od ----- - £.53 8

Lieutenant Cary, Alfillant Quarter Mailer General, from id April to gift August 1799, omitted in lall Statement ——

Lieutenant Coionel Diilon, Alfillant Quarter Mailer General, from ill July to 31st December 1800 ——

Lteiuenant Colonel M'Donnell, Alfillant Quarter Mailer General, from ill July to 3 1st December 1800 ——

Captain Douglass, as D° - - from D° to D° -Captain Bloomfield to 30th September -

Lieutenant Colonel Beresford - - to 10th October . - -

Agents of the 3d Battalion of Light Infantry, on Account of the Pay and Allowances of the Staff of the said Battalion, for the Year commencing ill April 1801 D° - 4th Battalion, for One Year, to 31st March 1802 -

1,055 15 11

900 2 11

10,582 — 2\\

210 — — 45 ——

9>94°

18

32 55 55,) 8 18

8 — 4 —

4 — 4 — 8 — 8 —

323

2 — I

500 — — 400 — —

£ 12,257 18 t*7>«6S

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

89!

1801> I Brought forward - - *

May 17. I Captain (Lieutenant Colonel) James Bhquien*. Amount of his Pay as am Independent Captain, trom id January to 31st March 1801 - - - , -

Lieutenant Colonel Brownrigjr, Deputy Quarter Matter General, on Account of the Contingent Expences incident to the Quarter Mailer General's Oflice -Agents to the ill Flank Battalion, on Account of the Disbursements of said Battalion

Agcnu to the following Regiments, being Paymasters Pay and Allowances; viz.

12,257

d.

Galway Mil*, Ensign Perse, from itt Oftr t8^0 to 31st March 1801 - *0/4 — 8

Tv rone - Lieutenant And-rfon - D® - 9/+ *4 *8 8

M Mtl* - - Lieutenant Belcher - D® /.i 2 per Ann. per Company - 48 — —

Kilkenny - Captain Wilkinson - DJ - - D° - - - 48 - —

aouth Coik, Captain Hill - - - D* - - - - si 7- S° 16 2

Fermanagh, Henry Lrflie, Junior - D® - 15/ - 136 10 —

Wicklow - William Walib - - - D® - - - - D® - 136 10 —

W'lln eath, Thomas Greene - - D® - D° -136 10 —

oouth Downshire, James Harrison D® - - - - D® - 136 10 —

Northampton Fencibh s, Captain Lyke, D® - S/7 - 50 16 2

Devon and Cornwall, Captain Hanly - D° - D® - 50 16 2

Somrrfet - Captain Forder - - - D* - - - D* - 50 16 2

Cacshire - F.nlign Jones - - - D® - 0 1 s' 1 8

Durham - Captain Dickson - - D® £ 7 per Ann. per Company - 35 — —

Life* - - Captain Shearman - - D® - - - - D* - 35 — —

Jur.e 10.

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Amount of their Offreckonings; viz. 24th Light Dragoons. Augmentation of 8 Serjeants, 8 Corporals,

2 Filers, 142 Privates, and 6 Contingent Men, for 24 Months, at/;.2 14 t/*J per Day - - - - £ 1,991 4

Deduct 722 Days, from itt Mar. i8co (Date of placing) to 22d February 1802, which will be included in the Warrant lo end 22d February 1602 ----- - 1,969 8 3

Fife FenciMcs, 365 Days for Augmentation ... Dcduft 220 Day>, from lit January to 8ch August 1800

Rcav FcncibVs, 365 Days for Augmentation -

Deduct 264 Days, trom 27th January to 17th October 1800 -

Argyle Fencibles, 365 Days for Augmentation -Deuud 270 Days, trom 8th March to id December 1800

21

26

723

436

18

6

723

523

18 4 12 —

287 11 8

723

535

18 4 10 —

2GO 6 4

22d Light Dragoons, 730 Days for Augmentation - - -1,991 4 8

Dcdud 6 4 DJ - from Ut March 1800 to 18th January 1802 - 1,865 15 2

188 8 4

125 9 6

Agents of the Hompcfch Dragoons, on Account of the Hospital Contingencies of laid Regiment, for the Half Year ending 30th beptember 1801

Captain Talbot, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, being 200 Days Bat and Forage

for the Campaign 1800 -

D° - - as D° for D° from 15 th September to the 31st December 1800 -

The following Persons, being 184 Days Bat and Forage, from ill July to 31st December

1800 inciiifive; viz.

Captain Otway, Balance due him £. 33. 13 /. being paid him in full of the

Grant of Session 1800, for Bat and Forage - - - £. 19 II —

Captain Irwin, Assistant Adjutant General - - - .554 —

Major Grey, Assistant Quarter Matter General - - - - -554 — -

Lieutenant Colonel Nightingale, Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant - 41 8 —

Provott Marshal General Captain Reid - - . - - - - -188 —

Colonel Handheld, Committary General, being 184 Days Bat and Forage, from itt July to 3ittof December 1800, inclusive ——

Captain Tobin, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, the like -

Agents to the following Regiments, being on Account of Bread Money; vi*. Antrim Militia - -- -- m ~ m £ 200 -

Londonderry - -- 258* 15 —

Agents to Kildare Militia, Offreckonings for Augmentation j viz.

Eight Months Offreckonings for Augmentation of 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals,

2 Drummers, 95 Private Men, 4 Warrant Men, and Contingent Men £.211 14 12 Months, as above - 317 12 2

Dedud from 21st )uly 1800 (Date of placing on Establishment)

8 Days, to 28th July laoo, which will be added to Warrant ended 281b July 1800 - 6 19 2

----- ----- -- 310 13 —

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Forage of the Adjutant's Horses; viz. $6:h Regiment of Foot, 92 Days, to 31st May 1801 -

Carlow Militia - - - - D° -

Dublin County - - - - D* -

Limerick County - - - - D° -

Role cm men --D0----.

Siigo ----- - D* ——

Carried forward -

- C

45 ——

300 ——

500 — —

x,i88 4 8

£ *27*165

d.

61-

Appendix, (No. 66.) 3® Maiit

continued.

823 12 3

70 -

15,18415 ii

Appendix, (No. 66.) 3* Mail,

continued.

Appendix;

*4* 1802.

1801. June 10.

*7-

Brought forward -

Lieutenant General Craig, in full Discharge of his Contingent Account with Government, from the lit of October to 31st December 1800 - -

Lieutenant Colonel Littlehales, as Private Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, being the Amount of his Pay for 90 Days, to 31st March 1800 -

Agents of the Hompefch Dragoons, on Account of Contingencies for said Regiment Lieutenant General Dundas, being the Sum due to him on his Contingent Account, from

lit October to 31st December 1800....

M. Gen. E. P. Trench, Balance of Contingent Account, and in full Discharge thereof, from ift October to 31st December i8co ——

M. Gen. Needham, for the like, from D° to D°

The following Officers, for the like; viz.

Lt. Gen. Earl of Clanricarde, from ift October to 3ill December 1800 - £. 266

Lieut. Gen. Gardiner Br. Gen. Grofe - - - Scott Br. M. Shearman -

Lieut. Gen. Johnson Br. M. Wm. Sandys - Myers M. Gen. Myers

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D°

298

ic6

69 16 45 *4

4*

10

4*

2

7*

Br. Major Watts, being the Sum due to him on his Contingent Account, from ift October to 31st December 1800 -

Br. Gen. Champagne, the like - - D°

Major Gen. Sir Charles Ross D®

B. Gen. Dalrymple - - - - D°

- - - Dunne ----- - D®--

- - - Drummond - - - D°

- - - Heniker - - - D®

Lieut. Col. Brownrigg, Deputy Quarter Mailer Gen. D°

Tytler, Assistant Adjutant Gen. id January to 31st March 1800

D°

D° - -

Capt. C. Irvine D°

D®‘

Br. M. Annesley -

- M‘Kay

- - Needham

- Williamson

- Woolridge

D°

D®

D®

D°

D°

ill April to 30th June ill to 31st December ill May to 30th June ill July to 30th September lit October to 31st December D°

D® -

D° -

D° -D® -

m _

£'7° i3 2

'S' *9 5*

*4° — 10

207 5

I?0 3 5*

8l 16 8

O - I *3 5

- 4 2 5

- 3 lS 1

- 10 18 — 1 z

- 15 13 4f

- 16 17 7.

- 38 8

- 34 12 "i

- 60 1

3» 3 3i

- 60 >3 "i

Command _

M. Gen. Myers, on Account of the Contingent Expences incident to his Command Lieut. Gen. Gardiner, for the like Account ——

Agent to the Kerry Militia, on Account of Bread Money for May 1801 -

Agents to the following Regiments, on the like Account; viz.

Wexford Militia, for May and June 1801 - - - £.400 — —

Cork, North - - - for May - - - - 248 12 11

Hompefch's Dragoons - for May and June - 200 — —

6th Dragoon Guards - for May - 50 — —

Longford Militia ——

15th Foot, 2d Battalion - -....

Dublin City Militia ——

21 It Light Dragoons ——

Fifeshire Fencibles -

Cork, South Militia, on Account Bread Money, May 1801

Galway - - - - DJ

Westmeath - - - D®

6zd Foot, 2d Battalion 28th Light Dragoons -Wicklow Militia

- D°

- D* -

- D® -

- D® -

- D° -

Caithness Highlanders Angus Fencibles Duke of York's Ross and Cromartie -Suffolk

Cork City Militia

D®

D®

D°

D°

D®

D°

107 11 6i

100 — - —

I63 5 4

IOO - — —

190 10 5

170 —

200 — —

IOO — —

IOO

IOO — —

IOO — —

266 I 8

IOO — —

130 — —

IOO — —

83 6 3

*13 *4 7

Northumberland Fencibles - - - D° -

Capt. Owen, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, 200 Days Bat and Forage for Campaign i8co ——

Br. M. Capt. Myers the like -

Lieut. Col. Raymond, A.D. C. to the Lord Lieutenant, being 184 Days Bat and Forage, from ift July to 31st December 1800 inclusive ——

Capt. Owen, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, the like -Ensign Burton, Assistant in the Adjutant General's Office, the Ijke -B. Major Sandys, to be by him applied for the Subliilence of Convalescent Men belonging to Regiments on British Establishment ——

Lieut. Col. Littlehales, Private Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, the Amount of his Pay at £. 1 per Day, from the ift April to the 24th May 1801 inclusive, 54 Days

Carried forward -

- c

£ - J.

1,361 ij 5

67 13 *

9° — —

49* »S ~ *9S »7 6

180 7 10 *4S 13 10

837 1 aI

509 9 3 37 7 6

1 11 3

*7i 7 *

47 7 4| 119 12 —

1,199 18 i*t

I, OCO ——

172 14 3 224 15 -

898 12 11 207 11 6|

453 15 9

470 -

300 — — '

793 a 6

50 ——

30 ——

20 ——

41 8 —

27 12 — 18 8 —

it>o — — 54 ——

9,000 9 —

£ /. j.

I4*>349 >6 g

*»S*9 6 tt

143.869 3 7

42 Geo.' IIL

Appendix.

893

l80|.

June 17.

*6.

Brought forward -

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of an Allowance of 2 s, tants of Regiments in their Agency, for kcenin? a Charter: v

Day to Adju-

16th Foot - - from cth February 1800 to 3ill March 11801, 4:0 D 1>S - £‘42

20th - ill Battalion, !7th - - 1> - 6th Tune 1800 - 110 - - 11

10th - 2d D° - - 9th - - D° - - D° - 118 - 11 l6

31 If - - - - 5th June - D° - 26th June i8ci . 22 - - 2 4 —

46th - ill Battalion, cth February D® - 31st March 1801 - 420 " 42

46th Foot, 2d Battalion , 25th April 1800 to 31st March 1801, 34i " 34 2 —

72d - - 19th June D° - 286 - 28 12 —

Invalids - 25th June 1799 D° - 645 - 64 10 —

Aberoeen Fencibles - D° - D° - 645 - 64 10 —

A* gvle - - D° - D° - 64S - 64 10 —

Cl anal pine - - D° - D° - 6+5 - - 64 10 —

McLeod's - - D® - D° - 6+5 - 64 10 —

Fdeshire - - D® - D° - 645 - 64 10 —

Reay - - D° - D° - 6+j - 64 10 —

Tay - - - D° - D® - 645 . - 64 10 —

Nottingham - - - D® - D° - 6+S - - 64 10 —

York - - 111 October 1800 D° - 182 - 18 4 —

Leicester - - D® - D® - 182 - 18 4 —

Antrim Militia - 25th June 1799 D° - 645 - - 64 10 —

Cavan - - - D° - D° - 645 - . - 64 IO —

Clare - - - D® - D° - 6+5 - 64 10 —

Dublin City - - - D° - D® - 645 - 64 10

Kildare - - D® - D° - 6+5 - 64 10 —

Leitrim - - D® - D® - 645 - 64 10 —

Limerick City - - D° - D® - 64; - - 64 10 —

Londonderry - - . - D® - D® - 645 - 64 10 —

Louth - - . D® - D® - 645 - - 64 10 —

Mayo, North - - D° - D® - 6+5 - 64 10 —

Queen's County - - D° - D® - 6 45 - 64 lo —

Tipperary - - - D® - D° - 6+5 - - 6+ 10 —

King's County - - D° - D® - 3+3 - 3* 6 —

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions:

Prince of Wales's Fencibles, for Mey 1801 - - - * - £

Tipperary Militia - - D° ——

Reay Ffcncibles - -- D® -

Kildare Militia - - - D® - -

Donegal - - from 1 ft May to 30th June 1801 -

D®.....D® - - - D®

Glengarry Fencible Infantry - - - D°

Dublin County Militia, from tft May to 30th June i8or Royal County Limerick, for June 1801 -

Carlow Militia, for May and June -71st Foot - - for May 1801

Lochaber Fencibles, for May and June -

Somerset - - - D® -

Royal Irish Invalids, for May 1801

Princess Charlotte of Wales Fencible Infantry, for May and June 1801

Tay Fencibles 38th Foot - -

Cavan Militia -

Londonderry -

Wexford -

3d Regiment of Dutch Troops Caithud's Leg71 Fencible Infantry

Kilkenny Militia -

Essex Fencibles -

Devon and Cornwall 62 Foot (2d Battalion) -

for May 1801

, D°

D®

June - >

D®

May

May and June

D®

June 1801 ' -

May June

£ ' d.

9.000 9 —

N 5° — —

250 — —

90 12 9

75 — ——

150 — —

400 — —

250 ——

500 — —

2CO —

200

420 — —

*54 !5 10

258 10 —

200 — —

268 — —

32 7 11

241 >5 —

K4 n —

300 — —

335 8 >«!

200 __

80 10 —

115 !3 4?

160 — —

Agents to Armagh Militia, on Account of Bread Money, for June 1801

The following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz,

250 — —

202 6 6|

F.'gin Fencibles Royal Manx

1,594. 18 —

465 ta 9

800 — —

700 — — 600 — —

620 — —

376 —

I.I5J 8- 9

790 1 II

S56 3 4?

223 8 6

- for May 1801

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Balances of their Contingent Accounts;

M. Gen. Sir C. Afgill, from ill October to 31st December 1800 M. Gen. Sir James Duff - . - - - D®

B. Gen. Barnett D® -

- - - - C® Campbell ----- - D» -

- - - - D. Campbell ----- - D® -

___- - Clephanc ----- -- D®

----- -Mcyiick - -- -- D°-

Capt. Doughifs, Assist1 Quarter Maftr Gen1, D®

Capt. Bloomfield - D°, from ill April to 30th June 1800 -

D° - - D° - D°, - id July to 30th September

199 3 11 158 13 8£

142 13 — 147 16 113 10 129 14 205 17 7 *9 1* 5 -12 3

45*

6 6

Carried forward - - £.1,129 l7 11

10 T

C s.

143,069 3

7

Append (No. 66 3° Mail

continued

10,595 7 —

6,739 1 11

*5 4*464 10 7

e

Appendix,

(Xu. 66.)

3* Mai!,

continual*

1801.

June 26.

Appendix.

Brought forward

Balances of Contingent Accounts — continued B. Major J. L. Higgins, iff October to 31st December iSoo - - - J. Trench - - - D° -

M. G. Morrison - - - - D® - *

- - £ £.l,\'.r) 17 »«

- 59 >° —

- 57 7 6

I92 12 1

B. M. Ormsby

Lie t. Gen. Eustace D# ....

B. Gen. Wollailon - D°.....-

B. Major Uniacke - - - D° ——

Lieut. Gen. Eufface, on Account of the Contingent Expences incident to his Command -Agents to 22d Dragoons, being the Amount of Three Months Subfiilence necessary to be advanced to said Regiment previous to their Embarkation, from the iff July to the 30th September 1801, inclusive ——

Agents to the Hompefch Chasseurs, being the Amount of Three Months Subfiilence necessary to be advanced to the said Regiment previous to their Embarkation for Foreign Service; viz.

Three Months Subfiilence (in Advance) from the iff July i3oi to 30th

September 1801 - -- -- - £.5,822 7 7

Dedud a former Advance upon a similar Account; viz. upon the Regiments being ordered for Embarkation ----- - 3,598 9 ic

Lieut. Col. Brownrigg, for his Extra Trouble and Expence in acting at the Head of the Quarter Mailer General's Office, from ill July 1800 to 31st March 1801, at the Rate of £.200 per Annum -

Edward Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War-Office, being his Additional Salary for 3 Months, from 10th February to 9th May 1801 inclusive, at £.60 per Annum

Major Gen. Nugent, at Head Quarters, being 90 Days Bat and Forage Money, from ill January to 3 ill March 1801 ——

Agent to the Kerry Militia, the Pay of Paymasters Clerks, from id April 1798 to 31st March 1801 ——

Agents of the Royal North Downshire Militia, being the Offreckonings due said Regiment; viz.

Eight Months Offreckonings for Accoutrements of Six Serjeants, 180 Privates, and Six Contingent Men - - - - £. 335 1 5

12 Months for Cloathing D° £. 502 12 I

Dedud Eight Days, from the 23d August (when the Augmentation was placed) to 30th August 1800, the Termination of the then existing Assignment - - 11 — 4

Agents to the following Regiments, for Forage of the Adjutants Horses;

Downshire Militia, from 25th Tune 1799 1

Tyrone - - - D°

Galway — — - D°

Kilkenny - - - - D°

Meath - - D*

Cork, South — — - D»

Fermanagh - - - D ?

Weffmeath - - - D»

Wicklow - - . D°

Devon and Cornwall Fencibles - D°

Northampton - - — D»

Essex - D»

Durham - - D«

Somerset - - - D»

Cheshire

62d Foot (ifl Battalion) from 6th May 1800 to D° D'* - - (2d D°) from 12th February 1800 to D°

49« 11 9

viz.

- £.64 10 —

- 64 10 —

- 64 10 —

- 64 IO

- 64 IO —

- 64 IO

- 64 IO

- 64 10 —

m 64 IO *

- 64 IO

- 64 IO —

- 64 IO

- 64 IO —

- 64 IO —

64 IO —

- 33 — —

- 41 6 —

Agents to the following Regiments, being Advances on the Contingent Accounts of said Regiments, to make good to the several Paymasters the Difference between Regimental and Full Pay; viz.

Bredalbane Fencibles, Capt. McDougalI, from iff April 1798 to 31st

March 1801, 1,095 Days, at 5 id, per - - £. 305 13 9

South Mayo Militia, Capt. Fitzmaurice, D° - - D° - - - 305 13 9

Mid-Lothian Dragoons, Lieut. Moody, from D° to 22d September 1800,

905 Days, at 6 /. per Diem ----- -- - 271 10 —

Waterford Militia, Lieut. B. B. Johnson, from iff April 1798 to 31st March

1801, 1,095 Days, at 9/. 4d, per ----- - 511 — —

Dumbarton Fencibles, Capt. A. Graham, from, iff April 1800 to 31st

March 1801, 365 Days, at 5/. 7 d. per - - - - 101 17 11

Agents to the following Regiments, being Pay of the Paymasters Clerks; viz.

South Cork Militia, from iff April 1798 to 31st March 1801 - - r-ss IO Hi

South Downshire - - iff April 1800 to - - D° - - - 28 IO 3 i

Fermanagh - - - - iff April 1798 to - - D° - - - IO

Galway - - - D° - - - 8s IO III

Kilkenny - - D° - - — - ®S 10 III

Meath - - - - D® - - . - 85 IO Hi

T yrone - - D° - - - «s IO I

Wellmeath - - D° - - - «S IO III

Wicklow - - - D° - - - - 85 IO 111

Devon and Cornwall Fencibles . D° - - - - 89 IO 11*

Northampton - - 8$ IO 111

Carried forward - - £ 883 '9 81

£ j. d.

6,739 1 11

1,399 7 6

42 5 3l

222 >7 2

I56 1 3

49 13 4

*75 '

9,283 7 5

A. 1802.

£. /. </. i54.+64 10 7

2,223 17 9

ijo ——

15 ——

54 ——

85 10 11I

826 13 2

1,041

16 —

M9S *5 5

23,960 7 *ij »S4>464 10 7

42. Geo. III.

Appendix.

895

1801. June 26.

July 8.

Brought forward -

Pay of the Paymasters Clerks — continued from ill April 1798 to 31st March 1801

Essex -

Somerset - - D

Durham - D° -

Cheshire - - from 25th January - 98 to - - D°

- - 883 19

85 10 nj

- 83 10 lit

- 85 10 ni

- 78 18 ii

Agents to the 54th Foot, being a Sum equal to Eight Months Offreckonings, for the Augmentation of 210 Privates and 10 Contingent Men placed on the Eilabliftiment 23d January 1800....

Col. Charles Handfield, Commissary General, on Account of his Department Capt. Aldridge, Assistant Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, being the Amount of his Pay for 90 Days, to the 31H March i8qi -More for the like, from ill April to 24th May 1801

B. Ma H. S. Keating, in full Discharge of his Contingent Accounts with Government; viz. ill July to 30th September 1800 - £-53 x5 8

ill to 31st October - -- - 14 5 6J

Agents to the following Regiments, for the Purposes mentioned; viz.

6th Dragoon Guards, for Hospital Expences for the last and current Half

Year

Dutch Troops, for Incidental Expences -

D° - - on Account of Medical Expences. to 31st March 1801

D° - - for D° - - for the Current Half Year

£.200 — - 800 — —

Br. Gen. Madden, in full Discharge of his Contingent Accounts, from ill October to 31st December 1800 ——

The Agents to the 2d Battalion of the 15th Foot, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

15th Foot, 2d Battalion, for May 1801 ----- £, 200 — —

D* - - - D° - - - June ----- -- 300 — —

c

23,960

d.

1 ~

154464 10 7

The Agents of the Kerry Militia - - D° -

Argyle Fencibles, on Account of D°, for May and June 1801 Royal Clanalpine - May

Queen's County Militia - -

Dutch Troops, on like Account, from ift May to 24th tune - - £ i,boo — -

North Cork Militia, for D° - - - - for June - - - 233 — 11

Manx Fencibles - D® - - May - 182 14 4i

Elgin - . D° - — June - - - 111 10

South Mayo Militia - D° - May - —

28th Dragoons - D° - - June - - - - >32 7 6

D° - D* - - May - - - - 250 15

Devon and Cornwall Fencibles - D° - - June - - - . 95 5

Meath Militia - D° - - - . - - - - 86 7 6

Galway - - D® - - - - 100 —

Tyrone - - - D° - - - - . 250 — _ ‘

Cork, South - 224 13 9

Royal Tyrone Militia - D® - May - _ m

2ill Light Dragoons - D° - - June - - - 168 14 3

Royal Irish Invalids - D° - - - - 153 —

16th Foot - D3 - - - - 245 6

Cavan Militia - D° - - - - 133 — J

Louth - - D° - - May, &c. - . 266 2 8

Aberdeen Fencibles - - D® - - May - - - - 175 18 6

- - - - - D° - - June - - - - 175 18 6

Clanalpine - D® - - - - 390 6 6

Reay - - - - D° - - - - 150 —

Tay - 200 — —

Armagh Militia -

The following Regiment, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

71st Foot.....for June 1801 - - - £ 333 2 i:

Ross and Cromartie Fencibles - - - - . 100 — —

Tipperary Militia -Louth -York Fencibles 24th Light Dragoons

23d D° - -

- May and June

- May -

1,219 10 l\

36> 7 —

10,582 — 2-

67 10----

40 10 —

68

from February to June

Agents to the Downshire Militia, being the Pay of the Paymasters Clerks, from the ift April 1798 to the 31st March 1800 -

Agents to the 24th Regiment of Light Dragoons, for Half a Year's Medicine Expences, subsecpient to the 31st March last ——

' Carried forward - - - - £.

,*57S ——

125 6 7

JOO --- —

150 — —

947 4i

1,233 — 11

294 4 41

146 9 6

2,058

206

433

Appendix;

(No. 66.)

3" Ma

continued.

aS'S4* 4 9l

15,582 14 8

1.139 9 3i

240 — —

6 8 S "

932 18 10}

495 1* "

57 — l\

100 — —

5,809 4 1 *95'588 10 "4

Appendix*

J. 1802

S96

Appendix, (So. 66.) 3* M

continue J.

1801. July 15.

22.

Brought forward - - . - £.

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Amount of the Offreckonings doe fald Regiments; viz.

Wcrtmcath Militia, One Year's Offreckonings for Augmentation of 29th July, 60 Privates, at 8/. 1 *°J. per Day - /. 147 16

Dcdud 342 Days, from 29th July 1800 to 5th July 1801, to be included in Cloathing Warrant -

- c *47

158 10 2

si

Ditto 8 Months Offreckonings for an Augmentation of 60 Privates, to enable the Colonel to provide Accoutrements -South Downshire, 8 Months Offreckonings for an Augmentation of 6 Serjeants. 180 Privates 6 Contingent Men, 6 Co5 -Ditto, Balance of Offreckonings of the Augmentation of the 2d of October 1800 ——

98 11 — 335 4}

44

Cs ——

7 lO -

7 10 — 25 -

Lieut. Col. F. B. Littlehales, to reimburse the Clerks in the War-Office for their extra Labour and Pains, on Account of the great Increase of Business in said Office

Agents to the following Regiments, the Amount of the Estimate of Camp Allowances, for those Officers who have been appointed during the Campaign, or from various Causes, were omitted in the general Estimate; viz.

46th Foot, ill Battalion, Major Buckley, Difference between Captain and Major ——

Captain E. Jacob, Difference between Captain Lieutenant and Company Captain William Pinfoy ——

Enlign Gdldpie and W. C. Bowenfull, Allowance ift Time -46th Foos 2>1 Battalion, Major D. CampbeU and A. Drummond, Difference between Captain and Major, £. 5 each - £.

Captain G. W. P.idden, Thomas Manners, and Peter Hawker,

Difference between Captain Lieutenant and Company, at £. 7. 10. each ——

Lieut. G. Little, Ensign S. Bucklcv, H. Stackpole, Thomas M Gamin, Thomas WaJm'an, I). Hughes, R. Hawthorn, and McC!ean. at £. 12. to each -Adjutant Chr. Fofs - - .

Surgeo.i John Hume ——

Assistant D® - Mailcrfon ——

Quarter Mailer Hetherington ——

Paynuilcr William Taylor ——

10 — —

22 10 — -

too

12

20

12

10

10 — 12 10 — 20 — —

210 — —

The Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisiors; viz. Caithness Highlanders, from ift May to 24th June 1801 - >C*3S° — "

Angus Fencibles - - for June - 117181

Cork City Militia -.....103 4 7

Bredalbane Fencibles - -

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of the Allowance to the Paymasters Clerks; viz.

Bredalbane Fencibles, from iff April 98 to 31st March i8co (1,095 Days) at 1/. 6 per Day - -

South Mayo Militia, the fame, at D°

Waterford - - - the fame, at D® -

Midlothian Dragoons, from ift April 1798 to 22d September 1800 905 Days, at 1 e. 6\d. per Day - .

Dunbarton Fencibles, from ift April 1800 to 31st March 1801, 365 Day at D*....

,85 10 11

85 IO II;

85 10 11: 70 14 I

28 10 3

Agents of the following Regiments, being Clerks; viz.

Ancient Britons - from 25th Septr 1798 to Berwick Fen. Cav. - - 25th June -

Cambridge ----21st - -

Dumfries - - - - 25th - -

FlTex - - - - 25th May 1799 -

Duiham - - - ill October - -

Roxburgh - - - - 4th July -

Aberdeen Fencibles - ift April Dunbarton - - - - 8th Feb

Fifeft.ire ----- 25th Augr

the Amount of the Pay of the Paymasters

*799

1S00

Nottingham - -

Rcay ----- Tay -

Clanalpmc -

McLeod's -

Leicester -York - -

Invalids - -

Antrim Militia - -

Cavan ► - -

Clare -

Dublin City

25th June 20th Septr 2d Jan* -25th July 25th odr ift Od'-D® -ill April 20th Odr 30th Jan* a ill June 30th

1800

*799

*798

*799 -

1800 -

1798 -

1799 -

,798.

Kildare ----- 28th D° -King's County - - - ill Novr

L)° - - - - 13th May 1 boo to L;urim - - - - 21st June 1798 -

*799 -

1798 to

31st Odr 15th Sept*

22d - -

15th -

15th -

2 2d - -

27th -

3 ift March 1801

3 flft March 1801 31st March - -

Da - - .

D° - -

D° - -

D° - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D® - -

D° - -

D® - -

D* - -

9th June 1799 3 1 ft March 1801 D° - -

Carried forward

422 D* 2 id. 45 *4 4

813 — - D* 88 1 6

824 — - D° 89 5 4

813 D9 88 1 6

479 — D* 5* *7 10

337- - D9 38 *3 6

816 — - D° 88 8 —

36; — i6 28 10

4,7 D9 32 11 6i

949 — D° 74 2 9*

1,010 — - D° 78 18 *

923 - - D9 7» 2

8,9 — - D9 63 *9 H

615 — D* 48 — *i

523 D9 40 *7 *1

,82 I)9 *4 4 4i

182 — - D* *4 4

1,095 D* 85 10 *i

893 — - D9 69 *S 3i

79* — D° 61 *5 *i

1,014 D° 79 4 4 i

1,005 — - D° 7« 10 3i

642 — - D® 5° 3

221 — - D® *7 5 3 i

3*3 — - 2S 4 B*

1,014 — - D® 79 4 4*

- - »>5°4 7 nil

/ * d-

i.809 4 *

36 19 ii

281 5 —

255 —

193,5^3 10 — i

571 2 8!

120 -- —

iSS *7 *1

1,046 19 II

6,83* 9

202,422 19 — £

1801.

Ju,y zi. 29.

August 5.

12.

VOL.

Brought forward

Agents — Amount of Pay of Paymasters Clerks — continued - - 1

Liirrrick City - - - I ft April 1800 to 31st March 1801, 365 D* - D° idonderry - - - D° - - - - D° - - - - 365 — - IT

----- ---, - - ~ ----- ----- ---- I)°

i.uuth - - - 6th Augf 1798 - D

Mayo, North - - - ift April 1800 - D'

Queen's County - - 21st June 1798 - D

Tipperary - - - - 21st July - - - D

5°4

28

>° -

-' - - 968 — - D°

- - - 305 — - D°

- - - 1,014 — - D° . 984 — - D°

28 10 75 '*

2

79

10

4

III

3 4

3 *

6

3 1 4y

76 17 6

Lieut. Col. Rob. Uniacke, on Account of Camp Ground in the County of Cork, which was not surrendered at the Time agreed on, and to defray the Expences of a Law Suit commenced in consequence there* f . -

Agents to the Lancaftiire Volunteers, on Account of the Contingent Expences of that Corps ——

Rob. Barry, Esq. Acting Paymaster in the Northern District. being in full Discharge of his Account with Government, from 14th July 1797 to the 31st March 1799 Lieut. Col. Beckwith, Military Secretary to the Commander of t e Forces, on Account of the Contingent Expences incidental to his Command ——

Capt. Charles William Le Gevt, the Amount of his Pay for 91 Days, from ift April to 3o:h June 1801 at 10s. per Diem, as Captain of an Independent Company

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price oY Provisions; viz.

Galway Militia for July 1801 - - £.180-

D° 2CO ---

Somerset Fencibles -

62d Foot, ift Battalion - - - for Mav 1801

Galway Militia - - - . June

9th Light Dragoons - - - D° -

Duke of York's Highland Fencibles - - D° -

Suffolk Fencibles - - - D° -

70

ICO

300 — — 140 ——

93 -6 ,oi

Angusshire

71st Foot - *

Monaghan Militia -Do ----- --D° -

July -D®

May and June July.

127 '8 s

206 -

439 9 4| 224 1 8

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

Antrim Militia -Prince of Wales's Fencibles -21st Light Dragoons -Mayo, North, on Account -Queen's County -7 2d Foot -

2d Battalion Dutch Troops Cork, North, Militia

South Cork Militia

Fermanagh

South Downshire

Kilkenny -

Meath

Tyrone

Westmeath

Wicklow -

South Cork

South Downshire

Fermanagh

Galway

Kilkenny -

Meath

Tyrone

Westmeath

Wicklow -

Galway

for June 1801

- May

- D°

- D° and June

- June 1801

- D° - D°

- £. 160-

36 4 7i

155 8 50 ——

- 111 6 lof

178 — 3

for June * May

[80I

100 — —

38 -

- - - - May 100 Men - - £.20 — —

- - - - D° - - 70 — - 14 — —

- - - - D° - - 100 — - 20 — —

- - - - D° - - 70 — - 14 — —

- - - - D# - - 100 — - - 20 — —

- - - - D* - - - 20 — —

- - - - Do - - - - 20 — —

- - - Do - - - 20 — —

- - - June 1801 - - 23 8 . 1 11

- - - - D° - - r " - 23 8 U

- - - - D° - - 7° — - 16 12 6

- - - - D° - - - 16 12 6

— - - - D° - - - - 16 12 6

- - - - D° - - 100 — - ' 23 8 1 i

- - - - D° - . - - 23 8

- - - Do - - - - 8 j 1 X

- - - - D° - - - - 23 8 I

- - - May 1801 - 70 — - 14 —

Agents to the Suffolk Fencibles, to defray the Expences incurred in replacing various Articles of Appointments, Accoutrements, &c. loft in actual Service by the said Regiment ——

The following Regiments, on the like Account; viz.

York Fencibles - ----- -- £. 248 15 9

Limerick City Militia - - 127 19!

Antrim D° (Supple Account) ----- -- 852 19 11 £

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Amount of the Estimate of Camp Allowances for those Officers who have been appointed during the Campaign, or from various Causes, were omitted in the General Estimate; viz.

56th Foot:

Capt. Milliard, Difference between and full, omitted in former Estimate £. 710 —

Dumbarton Fencibles:

Surgeon D. Campbell, y omitted in the last Estimate - - - 12 10 —

Carried forward -

57-

10 U

1,046 19 II

1,821 13 3

79 12 6

1,0 jo -

33 *°J

100 — —

45 10 ~

380 ——

170 ——

533 16 10'

997 9 Si

£ tL 202,420 '9 — i

Appendix,

(No.

f Mail,

continued.

2,868 13 2

79 12 6

691 — 6 \

138 - Si

352 6 3

4*441 j6 5

498

— 6

1,229 14 9i

20 —

1,747 >s 3,

209,8ll I >£

898

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Apjcndix,

(No. ()

3* M.tii,

Cent: rued*

1801. August 12.

*9*

Brought forward -

Agents — Amount of Estimate of Camp Allowance for Officers — continued.

North Lowland Fencibles:

Cape, and D. Matter, Jn° Campbell, J omitted in latt Estimate -

Limerick City Militia: y for Lieut, and Quarter Matter Wallace, omitted in the Estimate 1799 £.12 IO —

CJanalpine Fencibles, Augmentation:

Lieut. Col. Jn° McDona!d - £-3°

Major Alex. McGregor Murray - - - - 25

Lieut*. James Plain, Hector McClean, Thomas Whitfon, Ensign J. McGregor, Malcolm McGregor, Peter McGregor, John Wills, and Alexander McKenzie, at £. 12. 10/. each ... 100

Louth Militia:

Ensign McNcil, Difference between \ and full Allowance, omitted in former Estimate ——

V.

Agents of the Clanalpine Fencibles, being the Offreckonings of the Augmentation of said Regiment; viz. 12 Months Offreckonings for 20 Serjeants, 20 Corporal*, and 380 Privates, including Contingent Men ——

Dcduft 113 Days, from the itt June 1800 to 23d September i8co, which will be added to the Assignment ended on that Day, at

£* *7- 3bperDar....

*55 ——

4 —

1,176 l6 5

370 15 7

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz. Aberdeen Fencibles York - - .

Argyle -

2ill Dragoons 24th -

Dublin City Militia Londonderry Limerick City

Dunbarton Fencibles 46th Foot, 2d Battalion

Rcay Fencibles Kerry Militia South Mayo -Northumberland Fencibles - - D°

Fife (hi re Fencibles -Limerick City Militia -D° -D° -North Mayo -

Sligo -

Brcadalbane Fencibles 32d Foot -

Frazer's Fencibles -D° -D# -Lochaber -

15th Foot, itt Battalion Northumberland -Royal Longford Militia -

- - for July 1801 - - £ 93 >6 —

- 1 - D* - - - 17° 13

- - May, June, and July - 400

- - June - - I l6 I5 —

- - July . - - - 162 4 8

— - D° - - - 127 13 7z

- . D° - - - 220 —

- - D* - - - 150 — —

May and June - 200 — , *»

- - D* - — - 360 — . —

June m

- - July -

- June - -

- - May and June - - - 129 l8 9

" July - . 50 — —

- July — . 130 13 8i

- - May - - 91 8 3?

- - June - - 70 7

- - July - 5615 9

D* - - 116 3 8

- - May and June - m.

- July . - m - -

- - June - . m 160 — —

- - D* - - - 93 «9 8

- - July - - - - 131 12 3

- - D - - - 7S >5 1

- - D° - - - 113 16

- . July — . 200 — —

- . D° - - - 83 - —

D° - 67 16 104

Thomas Reed, Esq. Provott Martial General, on Account of the Contingent Expences of his Department -

Henry Charles Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, being the Amount of his Additional Allowance for Three Months to 30th June 1801, at 10/. per Day -

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

Royal Manx Fencibles, 2d Battalion, for July 1801 - £'*99 *5 9z

North Lowland - May, June, and July ----- 501 13 3

Ross and Cromartie Rangers - D* - - - - 321 17 7

Suffo.k Fencibles - -- July. - - - 1^0 — —

9th Light Dragoons -Cork City Militia Caithness Highlanders Elgin Fencibles

15 th Foot, 2d Battalion l.ongfjrd Militia

184 5 61

64 l6 IO

Wcxfo-d -North Cork

Hompefch's Dragoons Glengarry fcncibles

130 — —

54 4 6

103 19 IO no 3 10

Carried forward

/. d.

<747 >s 3 '

12 IO —

171 12 —

806 — IO

/ ' <* 209,8ll I I

1,441 a 6

560 — —

150 ——

190 — —

S> 5 —

79 18 9

465 9 1-1

280 -

120 2 6

575 3

350 16 10} 227 15 —

45 IO ~

1,123

652 17 1

249 4;

304 4 6 214 3 8

a,5.43 >4 3

7,475 7

217,286 2 8i

♦ jo

1801.

Aug Lilt

19

Brought forward

Agent: — on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions, &c'continued. South M*vo Militia -

Breidalbane Fencibies ——

46th Foot, lil battalion - June -

£155 * 4

205 5 z£

140 ——

Waterford Militia 46th Foot, 1 '1 Battalion 46th - - 2d

- July

I56 II 1 I

120 13 4I

l8o — — -

M ath Militia -

W« Meath - -

aSrh Dragoons -

Galvvav Militia -

South Cork -

Wellme.ith -

Devon and Cornwall Fencibies

Kildare Militia -

- May and June -

- July - -

- May

- June and July -

- July - -

,5° ——

117 3 5 117 ——

245 7 3x

137 l8

273 — s 61 7 1

- - - June.

... 25th June to 31st July

Tipperay - - - D° - - - July

June

July

July

Kn'p's County JLfiir.m 16th Foot -72J -

Hr y Fcr.c:b!es -Clanalpine -l'unccfs C. of Wales's 1 oy tl Fay

Royal !n,h Invalids, and for Capt. Bullin's Company of said Corps

63 13 6

128 — 8|

296 II 10 123 12 2

100 — — 260 — — *73 3 —

103 13 4

200 9 4

121 — 6\ 180 ——

at Kinfac, from ill May to 3°:h J une - - - - *53 12 5

Fermanagh Militia - . - June - - - l68 7 4i

- - - July - - - - 3 2

- - - - May m - - - 200 — —

62ft Foo % 2d Battalion - - - July - - - - 160 — —

Durham Fencibies - - - June - - - - *36 — —

Nottingham - - - May - . - 82 18 6

- - - June - - - 79 2 6

- - - - July - - - - 81 11 6

Leicester - - - - June . - - - 86 — 6

- - - - July - - - - «3 6 6

Armagh Militia ——

4th Dutch Regiment ——

Siigo Militia -

Mijor Swan, AfTiflant Town Major of Dublin, the Amount of his Additional Allowance for Three Months, to 30th June 1801* at £. So per Annum -Lieut. Col. Raymond, Inspector of Cloathing, the Amount of his Pay, at £. I per Diem, for 1S2 Days, from id October 1800 to 31st March 1801

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Amount of the Estimate of Camp Allowances for those Officers w ho have been appointed during the Campaign, or from various Causes, were omitted in the General Estimate; viz.

Wexford Militia:

Difference between Two-thirds and full Allowance for Three Captains,

omitted in 1799, at £. 7. 10 j. each Ditto for 10 Subalterns, at £. 4. 2 s. each

South Downshire Militia: Aflifhnt Surgeon Arthur Richardlon, full Allowance, new Appointment ——

Ensign R. Dolphin, J. McGomery, Ow'cn Lynch, Martin Blake, Freak Groome, W. McDonogh, and John Jomits, newly appointed, at £.12. lox. each -

Wicklow Militia: Difference between Two-tl*irds and full Allowance for Ensigns Kenoe and Coates, at £. 4. 2/. each, omitted in former Estimate ——

- £.22 10 — 41 ——

£.11 10 —

8; io — 98----

8 4-

Cheshire Fencibies:

Lieut, and Quarter Mailer J. Taylor, Difference between Two-thirds and full Allowance -

Northampton Fencibies:

Ensign N. Brown and J. Brown, Difference between Two-

thirds and fu'l Allowance for 179)* at £.4. is. each - £. 8 4 —

Ensign Hr1!, full Allowance, 1800 - - - - 12 10 —

Gapt. Vigogne, Difference between Two-thirds and full

Allowance - - .710 —

Lancashire Volunteers:

Lieut. Powerful!, Allowance for 2799

106 4 7 10

28 4 12 10

Carried forward

C '

*>543 14

50c 15 6\

457 5 3l

1,106 16 5

1,903 16 ip

779 10 61

17,285

j.

n

41219 1

6|

10

*5°

100 — —

loo — — 20 — — 182 — —

63 10 —

154 8 —

8,474 18 2

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

30 Matiy

continued

217,286 2 8J

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Apj^ndix, (No. 66.) 3* A/d/z,

cimimttd.

1801. August 19.

a 6.

September 2,

Brought forward

Agents — Amount of Estimate of Camp Allowances for Officers — continued. Northumberland Fencibles:

CapL T. Lyte, Difference between Two-thirds and full

Kob. Wilson - . D*

Two Subalterns - . - D* at £. 4.. 2 s. each -

Allillant Surgeon and Lieut. Sam. Smith, Difference between single and double Comm* for 1799 ——

La

7

8 4. —

42 —

Agent to the York Fencibles, on the Contingent Account of said Regiment -Major Gen. Barber, being in full Discharge of his Contingent Accounts, from the ft October to the 31st December 1800 ——

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz. Dunbarton Fencibles, for July 1801, and to complete the Months of May and June 1801 ——

North Downshire Militia, for July 1801

Clare Militia

May, June, and July

Antrim - - - J jly -

21st Dragoons - - - D* -

aid Foot _ D° -

Duke of York's Highlanders - D* - -

Suffolk Fencibles - - May and June "

56th Foot July

Carlow Militia - - - £) .

Essex Fencibles . - D» - .

Tyrone - - - June -

D* - - - - May -

Durham - - - July —

Meath Militia - - - D* . r

T yrone . D* - .

Monaghan - - - May - -

D° - - - June - -

D* - - - July - -

being his Allowance for Bat and Forage; viz. p.r ( 200 Days Bat and Forage Money, as Secretory to the or am~ J Commander in Chief of the Forces -

paign 1801. D„ ----- ---- as Aid de Camp to DJ - .

181 Days D°, from id January to 24th May 1801, as Secretary to the Commander of the Forces D* - - - as Aid de Camp to D*

3?2 4 4i

150 — —

lOl 11 9

136 S 5

180 9 6

42 13 4*

209 — _

1 1 1 7 6

90 *3 6

96 4 2

47 — 5

120 11 10I

190 2 8

*5° 6 9 i

112 6 10

l32 6 8

[uis Cornwallis,

jC*4S _

45 ""

32 l7

32 *7 —

Major Hardy, in full Discharge of his Supplementary Contingent Account with Government ——

Agents to the following Persons, being the Amount of their Pay; viz, Major Oliver Fairtlough, of the late Drogheda Militia, 273 Days, at 15/. per Day, from ill October 1800 to 30th June 1801 Chaplain Fairtlough, same Time, at 6/. 8d. per -

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz. York Fencibles - August 1801

72c] Foot ——

2lft Light Dragoons ——

Londonderry Militia ——

Queen's County

Royal Clanalpine Fencibles ——

Royal Irish Invalids McLeod's Fencibles 24rh Light Dragoons -Dublin City Militia -

(>2d Foot, 1 ft Battalion D° - - 2d -Lancashire Volunteers

Essex Fencibles -Northampton D* -

D°

Donegall Militia Cork, North

6th Dragoon Guards -Caithness Legion

Limerick County Militia Angus Fencibles F.lgin -

North Lowland -

- June

- May

- August -

Carried forward -

;.204 i; —

9* "

visions; viz.

!-'3* >4 9

1 '9 6 6

125 6 10

171 JS 7k

93 10 7k

>3* 11 9i

loo — _

110 — —

100 4 —

130 —

163 >3 1

167 14 5

103 — 5

59 8 4

74 >5 ni

148 16 10

>53 15 6*

199 3 6

lc4 2 2

too — —

140 — —

100 7 3

72 9 7 4

83 5 —

JL-

{. /. d.

8,474 18

*7 6 —

3 co — — 226 14 10

205 5 2

*43 7 4

583 16 i>

359 8 3i

320 7 6

544 1»

185 19 3i

395 — 3r

C- ' J-

217,286 2 8|

8,jox 4 ti

»55 *4 "

295 15 —

774 5 7i

44° 4 434 7 »»

436 16 8 303 5 8

240 ——

123 6 10

256 1 ic]

3«4*o 5 5{ 116 14 6£

3.3°6 3 8!

229,32; 6 icf

1801, September 9.

16.

*3-

Brought forward -Agents — on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions — continued.

9th Dragoons 71st Foot -Caithness Highlanders Manx Fencibles -

2d Flank Battalion 2d D®

- for August 1801

May, June, July August

53d Foot -Suffolk Fencibles Monaghan Militia

Frazer Fencibles Ross and Cromartie

Kildare Militia -Leitrim D®

D®

D®

Tay Fencibles Nudingham

May -

June -

Balance of July -August Balance August

Cavan Militia King's County -Limerick City Antrim

kcay Fencibles

r>

D®

Aberdeen -l6:h Foot Fitcshire Fencibles Rcay

May -June -July -August

- -

.152 12 6

178 12 3,

159 I 4r

110 — 11

'-63s >> 6

172 15 5

84 2 3x

60 $ 4

131 IO

26 13 k

138 15 7

124 17 9

35 5 4*

H9 IO —

40 I 6f

87 l8 7

178 8 10}

13616 4l

59 9 —

*35 >4 7

90 — —

140 — —

103 13 4

79 >° —

180 13 4}

113 10 9

36 17 4

Dublin County Militia $<nh Foot -

I ompcich Dragoons -Glengarry Fcncibie Infantry Dunbarton -

Brcadalbane -

46th Foot, cd Batulioo Waterford Militia

July . August

August

Mayo, South - -

4Oth Foot, id Battalion

Kth Foot - - D® Northumberland Fencibles

Longford Militia

l^th Foot, 2d Battalion Cavan Militia 16th Foot -7 id D3

Westmeath Militia

Fermanagh

Ga'way

28th Light Dragoons -Durham Fencibles Devon and Cornwall -Wicklow Militia Meatn -

John Turner, Agent for the Transport Service, on Account of Expences incurred in his Department ——

Kilkenny Militia ... for August - £.84 *5 3$

D® ----- - July ... - 155 10 9

Cork, South ----- August - - - 48 9 7

[Agents to the following Regiments, being Forage for Adjutants Horses; viz.

56'h Foot, from ift June to 30th September 1801 - £.12

Carlow Militia D® ----- - 12

Dublin County Militia -D# - ----- 12

Limerick - D® - - - - 13

Roscommon - - - D® - - - - 12

Siigo D° ----- - 12

4 — 4 — 4 — 4 — 4 — 4* "

Following Regiments, for Extra Price of Provisions:

23d Dragoons ----- August 1 £01 ——

T>3 ----- May, June, and July - - ,£.369 18 4

Du - - - - July- - - *49 5 10

£. s. d.

3.306 3 H

600 7 — 1

808 6ll

275 *7 7!

110 13 6

45 *> *

90i

c 7 7 APiKnd'x'

249,3x5 6 iot (No. 6,6.)

3* Mail,

entiwid.

4,71417 *

54 6 8 10

101 7 9i

98 16 5

109 .2 6

76 2 6

176 6 I0|

78 >5 —

54 9 10

100

200 — —

150 — —

i°5 6 8i

78 «7 i

>33 4 —

62 12

1 *4 11 10

59 10 II

93 7 6

>45 *9 3

Carried forward

- c

*>354 *3 71

224 1 —

146 12 5

33 1

62 17 ii 96 10 4I 85 7 9

200 4 2$

185 5 —

309 11 8*

150 ——

45° ——

3*7 7 10

476 H

4,000 ——

288 15 7i

73 4 —

176 18 if

619 4 2

9.43* 7

796 t 3i

244,268 18

VOL.

57-

to X.

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

3* M

tntiuutf.

901

l8ci.

October 1.

*1.

November 5

Appendix.

Brought forward -

Agents — Following Regiments, for Extra Price of Provisions — continued, Cheshire FenciMes - - for May and June 1801 .

4'h Light Battalion ---- D0 -

- June -

- May and June - - £.330

- August - - - - 51

Fifeshire Fencibles Royal North Down Militia D°

l\

- July -

- August -

/.125 18 11 262 4 2

July -

2d Battalion Light Infantry -Donegall Militia

Cork City ..... ift Battalion Light Infantry 4th Light Battalion

Paid Major General Myers, on Account of the Incidental Expences attending his Command -

Edwari Connor, Esq. Clerk in the War-Office, being the Amount of his additional Salary, at £.60 a Year, from the 10th of May to the 10th of August 1801 John Ebbs, to reimburle him for his Labour and Pains on Account of Military Business -

Capt. (Lieut. Col.) James Blaquiere, as Captain of an Independent Company, the Amount of his Pay for 9: Days, from ill April to 30th June 1801, at ioj. per Day

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz. Wexford Militia - - for August 1801 - £.129 *3 "

Caithness Leg" - - - - Du - - - - 8411 —

Kerry Militia aid Light Dragoons

3d Light Battalion Dunbarton Fencibles

- 1> , -. D*

May, June, and July - - August -

The following Persons, being their Pay as Part of the Medical Staff, for 92 Days, to 30th September 1801, at 7/6 per Day; viz,

James Tully, Additional Hospital Mate - ^.34 10 —

Samuel McAffer - - 3410 —

Patrick O'Brien - - - 3410 —

Henry McManus, Assistant Secretary to the Commander in Chief, the Amount of his Additional Pay, from id July to 30th September 1801 -

Major General Myers, on Account of certain Contingent Expences incident to his Command ——

Hon. Col. Napier, to enable him to defray the Contingent Expences of his Office, for the Quarter to 29th September 1801 ——

Sir William Meadows, K. B. Commander in Chief of the Forces, the Amount of his Pay, at £.6 a Day, from the 5th May to the 30th June 1801, which, with £, 4 paid from General Officers, will complete his Pay £. 10 a Day for the aforesaid Period

The Agents of the Wexford Militia, the Amount of the Offreckonings due to the said

Regiment; viz.

365 Days Offreckonings for Augmentation - - - £.837 13 6

Dedud 74 Days, from 13th April to 25th June i8ei» the

Termination of the then exiding Assignment - - 169 16 7}

—— 667 16 101

Amount of 8 Months Offreckonings for said Augmentation - - 5589 —

Agents of the following Regiments, for Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

Dublin City Militia, for June 1801

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Offreckonings due to the Augmentation of said Regiments; viz.

Tay Fencibles:

8 Months Offreckonings due for 10 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 240 Privates, and 10 Contingent Men ----- -- £.482 12 3

Amount of 365 Days Offreckonings for said Augmentation 723 18 4

Dedud 68 Days, from 17th August to 23d October 1S01 134 17 4

5?9

1,071 13 3

A\ 1802.

/. d. £. /. d.

244,268 18 6

York Fencible Infantry:

20 Months Offreckonings for the Augmentation of 20 Serjeants, 20 Corporals, 480 Privates, and 20 Contingent

.....£-2,413 *

Dcdud 12 Days, from 20th July 1800 (Date of Placing) to 3ill of July 1800 (the Termination of the then exilling Assignment) - - - - 47 12 —

—— 2,365 9 1

Agents to the 2d Battalion of the 54th Foot, being the Offreckonings due said Regiment; viz.

Amount of Eight Months Offreckonings for 43 Serjeants, 40 Corporals, 20 Drummers, 2 Fifers, 760 Privates, 40 Warrant Men, and 40 Contingent Men

Agents to 2d Battalion of the 6Sth Regiment, on like Account; v*z.

Amount of Eight Months Offreckonings for 53 Serjeants, 50 Corporals, 22 Drummers, 950 Piivatcs, 40 Contingent Men, and 40 Warrant Men

334 *3 9 347 5 —

231 13 —

3S1 17 3-

388 3 *v

100 — —

125 18 4

292 9 4

1,000 — —

15 ----- --»

261 3 io|

45 10 —

214 4 —

1141 8

50 10

681 — 2J 48 6 3i

103 10 — -

23 ——

500 — — 200 — —

342 ——

64 iS —

3-437 4

1.754 >3

2 138 15

3-47* 3

8f

4H 6 3i

Carried forward -

c

1,897 16 6

1,226 j io£

7-493 6 S

253,790 17 4

1801. Novcn*r i1.

Brought forward -

Co!. Charles Handheld, Commissary General, on Account of his Department Gasper Erck, Esq. being to reimburse the Clerks in the War-Office, for their Extra Labour and Pains on Account of the great Increase of Business in laid Office

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of Paymasters Pay, from ift June to 30th September 1801; viz.

Carlow Militia - - ^.91 10 —

Dublin County - -- .- -- -91 10 —

Sligo

Agent to the Kerry Militia, being for the following Purposes; viz. Captain and Paymaster Orpen, being the Difference of Pay between the Rank of Captain Lieutenant, and Paymalier, from lit April to 3ill of October 1801 Allowance for Paymailcr's Clerk, same Time, at 1 /. 6d.\ per Day -

91 10 —

£99

16

*7

>4

4

4l

Agents of the following Regiments of the Line, Fencibles, and Militia, being the Amount of Camp Allowances for said Regiments, who are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the Field; viz. c6th Foot

Limerick County Militia ——

Roscommon ——

Sligo ——

Carlow ——

Dublin County

.461

488

470

346

3S1

Caithness Legion Fencibles Glcgarry -

Wcxtcrd Militia Donegal! - -

Cork, North -3d Lignt Battalion -4?h - D° - .

46th Foot, ifl Battalion D* :d D° r>reudalbane Fencibles Dunoarron -

South Mayo Milivia -Waterford -

15th Foot, id Battalion 15m - - - 2d D° Northumberland Fencibles Longford Militia

North Downshire 2d Light Battalion

16th Foot, Infantry -38:h D° -7 2d D° -

Aberdeen Fencibles -Argyle -R cay

Tay -

Nottirgham

Clanalpine

McLeod's

Fife

York

Prince of Wales's

Antrim Militia Cavan -Clare

Dublin City Kildare Militia -

Kins* County Londonderry Limerick City -Leitrim -

Louth -

Mayo, North Tipperary Queen* Coaaty

62d Foot, ift Battalion J)° - zdD' -Northampton Fencibles Devon and Cornwall Lifex Fencibles Durham -Somerset Cheshire -Lancashire Cork, South, Militia Downshire, South

16 — 10 — 6 — 14 — H —

331 ——

236 — _

340 l6 —

510 12

582 2 —

479 4 —

75 18 —

62 10 —

487 6 —

545 — —

369 4 —

359 4 —

4°4 8 —

364 4 —

S60 Z. —

54* 2 —

396 14 —

358 2 —

369 — _

55 18 —

S«8 8 —

Carried forward

700

439

4*5

3

343

37S

381

6 —

16 — 12 6 — 16 —

488 —

376 10 —

389 —

566 14 —

274 4

418 14 — 393 >0 — 361 14 —

461 ——

359 ——

10 —

la —

a — 16 —

4 — 12 — 2 —

478

579

34*

34a

547

331

5*3

3°S

£ ' J-

5,291 — ii 281 5 —

274 10 —

116 11 8f

2,450 — —

£ d.

258,790 17 4

Appendix, (No. 66.) 3* Matt,

continued.

*>337

2 —

2,529

6 —

1,848 18 —

424 18 —

477 «o — 418 8 —

286 14 — 363 10 —

336 ——

316 — — 398 2 — 296 14 — 458 14 — 464 8 —

372 8 —

£. 4,188 8 —

11,°95 3 —

26,648 13

258,790 17 4

9°4

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

3* Maii>

continuedr.

l8oi.

Novemb. 11

18.

Brought forward

Agents — Following Regiments, for Camp Allowances — continued. Fermanagh Galway

Kilkenny ....

Meath....

Tyrone ....

Wdmeath ....

Wicklow ....

Kerry

21 ft Foot -

3*d....

71 ft

Rothfay and Caithness Fencibles Angus -Elgin

M anx Fencibles Frazer's -

North Lowland -

Duke of York's

Lochnber -

Rof> and Cromartie -

Suffolk.

Monaghan Militia

Cork City.

III Light Battalion -

£.4.188 8 —

16 ~

>4 —

4 ~

463 — - —

2 —

18 —

4 —

2 —

6 —

487 2 —

6 —

4 —

4 —

8 _

3°S 2 —

379 — —

371 14 —

368 6 —

16 —

4 —

4 —

8 —

Armagh Militia

Major Gen. Needham, being 200 Days Bat and Forage for himself and Aid dc Camp, for Campaign 1801 - - . - - .

Capt. French, Afiiilant Quarter Master General, being 181 Days Bat and Forage Money, from 1 ft January to the 30th June 1801 -

D° - - as D* - 200 Days Bat and Forage, for Campaign iSor

Major Miller, Aid de Camp to the Marquis Cornwallis, being Bat and Forage Money, from ift January to 24'h May 1801 -

D5 - - as - D* - 200 Days Bat and Forage, for Campaign 1801 -

The Medical Staff, being 200 Days Bat and Forage for the Campaign 1801; viz.

Staff Physician - - - - . - . - £. 20 —

13 Staff*Surgeons - . at £. 10 each .....130 — —

3 Staff* Apothecaries - at D* - - - - 30 — ____

2 A hi dint D° - - - - at D° - - - . - 2o — —

28 Staff Hospital Assistants, at D°.....280 — —

Agents of the 22d Light Dragoons, on the Contingent Account of said Regiment -Agents to the York Fencibles, being for Losses sustained by Non-com mi ffioned Officers and Privates in the Rebellion ——

Agents to the Northumberland Fencibles, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions, for the Month of September 1801 -....

Cjpuin Ponsonby Watts, the Amount of his Pay for 183 Days, to 30th September 1801,

as an Independent Captain - ....

Capt. Sl George Irwin, the Amount of his Pay for 183 Days, to 30th September 1801, as an Independent Captain

Capt. Chr Clarke, the like.....

Capt. Char'es Le Geyt, the like, for 92 Days, to D# -Henry C. Sirr, Town Major of Dublin, the Amount of his additional Salary, for Three Months, to 30th September 1801, at 10/. a Day

Gafprr Erck, Llq. to reimburse the Clerks in the War Office for their Extra Labour arc Pains on Account of the great increase of Business in said OfHce

Agents of the Lancashire Volunteers, on Account of the Contingent Expences of said Corps Lieut. Col. Beckwith, Military Secretary to the Commander in Chief, on Account of the Contingent Expences of fnid Office ——

William B. Swan, Affilant Town Major of Dublin, the Amount of his additional Salary for Three Months, to 30th September i8or, at £. 80 per Annum Eutign D' Anvers, Assistant in the Quarter Master General's Oin.e, being 200 Days Ua and Forage due to him for Campaign 1800 - .

More - - being 184 Days D*, from 1 ft July to 31st December 18co -Lieut. Col. Cockcil, being Bat and Forage, from lit to 6th July 1800

Paid the following Persons 200 Days Bat and Forage Money, for Campaign 1801 Lieut. General Sir James Duff*, and Two Aid deCamps

----- John Floyd - - DJ

- - - - B. Tarleton - - D®

M^jor General E. Morrison, and One D#

- - - - . Sir C. Afgill - - - D*

- - - - - E. P. Trench - - - D°

Br. Gen. Dr Campbell, and Brigade Major -

D# - - Mcyrick - - - D° - -

D° - - C. Campbell - - D°

D* - . William Paine - DJ

Adjutant Gen. Hon. A. Hope, as Colonel Aid c!e Camp to Lord Lieutenant, Lieut. Col. Gore D° - - - D* - ... Captain Gotdon

D° - - - D° - - - - Captain Hompe1'

Aii.slant Adjutant General, Lieut. Col. E. McDonald Affilan: Quarter Master General, J.icut. Col. Dillon - - - J)° ----- Col. Mc Donald -

- D# - - - Captain Douglass

*ch

Cairicd forward

£ s- 1 £ *

26,648 13 9I 258,750 17 4

7,199 6 —

495 9 —

6,426 6 —

480 9 —

140 ——

54 6 —

30 ——

25 11 —

35 ——

480 — —

500 — —

no 3 iz

91 10 —

91 10 — 91 10 —

46 ——

46 ——

119 1 9

1,030 — —

ICO -

20 —

20 -- —

18 8 —

1 16 —

190 — — 190 — — 190 — — 140 — — I40 — — 140 — — 120 — —

120 -

120 -

120 —

55 ——

45 ——

20 — — 20 ——

30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

34*343 *

8,79* 7 *

2 S9o 4 — 501.926 ij 9l

jy

1801. Novtm. 25.

Brought forward -

Paid the following Persons for 200 Days Bat and Forage Money, for Campaign 1801:

Brigade Major D" -D* -

Commander of the Forces Aid do Camp to D°

1> - - to D*

Lieut. Gen. -Br. Gen. -Deputy Quarter Mailer General

Captain Higgins -

Captain Deane - -

Lieut. John French -

Sir William Meadows, K. B.

Lieut. Col. Scroggs -

Three, being Captains

R. Dundas and 2 Aid de Camps

S. P. Dalrymple and Br. Major Lieut. Col. Brownrigg -

Military Secretary to Commander of the Forces, Lieut. Col. Beckwith AflnUnt Quarter Mailer General - Lieut. Col. Grey D* - - D® - - - Capt. Owens -

Lieut Gen. Earl of Clanricarde, and 2 Aid de Camps -D® - - - - Gardiner - - - D°

Br. - - - Grofe . - and Br. Major *

D® - - - - Scott - - and D®

Assistant Adjutant General, Major Miller -

Ati.ilant in the Commander of the Forces Office, Henry McManus Brigade Major Luut. Sharman ——

Lieut. Gen. Johnson and Two Aid de Camps -

Maior Gen. William Myers and One D® - -

Br. Gen. Madden and Brigade Major -

Lieut. Col. Raymond, Deputy Adjutant General -

D® - - Aid de Camp to the Marquis Cornwallis - .

Affifunt Adjutant General - - Capt. Myers

M aior of Brigade ... Capt. Sandys

D° (Extra, Cork) - - -. Capt. Myers -

Lieut. Gen. Peter Craig, and Two Aid de Camps -Assistant Adjutant General - - Capt. Tobin -

Major of Brigade - Lieut. Col. Uniacke

Ma or Gen. £>ir Charles Refs, and One Aid de Camp Brig. Gen. - - Edward Dunne, and Br. Major -

D® - - - J. Drummond, and D° -

Aid de Camp to Marquis Cornwallis, Lieut. Col. Nightingale -D® - - 1> Capt. Aldridge

D* - - D° Capt Bruce -

D# - - D® - - Lieut. Col. Whitworth

Crirmiffiary Gen. -Brirade Major

D® -

D® -

D® -

Col. Handheld -

Capt. Watts -

- Lieut. Wooldridge

- Major Annesley -

Captain McKay; viz.

Omitted in 1799 -

1801 -

- Capt. Williamson Deputy Barrack Mailer General, Col. Freeman -

Assistant Adjutant Gen. Lieut. Col. Tytler - -

AffiiUnt Deputy Adjutant Gen. Lieut. Col. Stewart -A flirt ant Deputy Quarter Mailer General's Office, Ensign D'Anvers Provost Martial General, Captain Reed -Assistant Town Major of Dublin, Wm B" Swan -

£.20

20

Paid the following Persons 181 Days Bat and Forage Money, from id January to toth June 1801; viz.

Deputy in the Commr of the Forces Office, Henry McManus -

Com mi fla ry General -Assistant Adjutant General -Deputy D®

Aflirtant D® -

D®....

Deputy Barrack Maher General Allilant Adjutant General Assistant Quarter Mailer General

D®....

D®....

D'....

Col. Handheld Capt. Otway -Lieut. Col. Raymond Tytler -

Capt. Irwin Col. Freeman -Lieut. Col. E. McDonnell Lieut. Col. Dillon -Col. McDonnell Capt. Douglass Lieut. Col. Grey ' -Capt. Owen

D®....

Assistant in the Quarter Mailer General's Office, Lieut. D'Anvers Provoil Martial General - Capt. Reed -

Affiuant Town Major of Dublin - - William B" Swan

Assistant Adjutant General, Capt. C. J. Myers, from ifl to 30th June 1801 -D° - - Major Miller ill May to D° -

Adjutant General - - Col. Hope

Aid de Camp to Lord Lieutenant, Colonel Gore -D® - - - D® - - Capt. Gordon

D® - - - D° - Capt. Hompefch

D' to Marquis Cornwallis - Lieut. Col. Nightingale, ill January to 24th May D° to - - D° - - - Raymond - - D®

D° to - . - D® - - - Capt. Aldridge - - D°

D® to - D® - - - - Bruce - - - D®

Commander of the Forces, Sir William Meadows, K. B. loth to 30th June -Secretary to D® - - - Lieut. Col. Beckwith - - D® -

ill April to D° -25th May to D° -D® -D®

Carried forward

£. s. J.

890 4 '

20 —

20 — — *

20 — —

500 — —

45 — —

60 — —

190 — —

120 — —

45 — —

45 " —

30 — —

30 — —

190 — —

190, —

120 — —

120 — —

30 — —

20 — —

20 — —

190 — —

140 — —

120 — —

45 — —

45 —

30 — —

20 — —

20 — —

190 — —

3° — —

20 — —

140 — —

120 — —

120 — —

45 — —

20 — —

20 — —

45 — —

55 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

40 — —

20 — —

55 — —

30 —

30 — —

20 — —

20 — —

30 — —

6,425 4 —

18 a —

49 '5 6

36 ——

40 14 6 54

3 6' -

49 *5 6

54 6-

54 6 —

54 6 —

54 6 —

54 6 -

54 6 — 18 18

~ Appendix,

£, s»

301,926 13 9$ (No. 66.)

3# Maii,

continued.

2

2 —

54 6 —

18 6 — 25 — 6 3 H -3 H —

3 14 — 32 17 —

32 l7 — 14 12 — 14 12 -

60 18 —

4 14 6

7,350 2 6 309,276 16 3f

Voi 57-

10 Y

1C

90 6

Appendix

A. 1862*

Appendix, (Xo. 66.) 3*

continued.

1801. Decemb. 2.

Brought forward -

raid the following Persons 181 Days Bat and Forage Money, from tft January to 30th June 1801; viz.

Assistant Adjutant General, Major Armllrong, id May to 30th June -Town Major of Dublin - H. C. birr - - ill January to D° -

Tl>c following Officers, See. being 200 Days Bat and Forage Money, for Campaign 1801; viz.

Br. Gen. Henniker - and Br. Major ——

- - - Champaigne -‘ - and

Assistant Quarter Mailer General - Capt. Evans, for 1799 .-

D° - - D° - - - - D° - 1801.

Major of Brigade - Capt. Ormsby ——

Town Major of Dublin - H. C. Sirr ——

Assistant Adjutant General - - Major Armflrong ——

The Agents to the following Regiments, for Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

21 It Regiment of Foot, from 14th May to 30th September 1801

Somerset Frncibles, for September 1801 ——

'Tyrone Militia - - August -

Agents to the 64th Foot, the Amount of Discount due said Regiment, from ill April 1799 to 5*h March 1800, being an Advance on Account of the Contingencies of the said Regiment ——

Agents to the following Regiments for Forage for Adjutants Horses, from id April to 30th September 1801:

Caithness Legion - - - , ——

Glengarry Fencibles - - 18 6 -

Donegall Militia - - 18 6 -

Wexford..... 186-

Cork, North - - - 186 —

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Subsistence of the Paymasters of said Regiments, from ift April to the 30th September 1801; viz.

/. d.

Invalids -Aberdeen Fencibli Argyle -Clanalpine Mood's -Nottingham Fifeshire -Rcay Tay

Leicester -York - # -Antrim Militia -Cavan Clare

Dublin City Kildare

King's County -Limerick City -Leitrim

Londonderry -Louth

Mayo, North -Queen's County Tipperary

183 Days , at 10 *4 - - - jC-94 II —

- 5 7 - - - S' I 9

- - - 10 4 - - - 94 II —

- 9 4 - - - ss 8 —

- 9 4 - - - 85 8 —

- - - 5 7 - - - S' 1 9

- lS — - - - 137 5 —

- 5 7 - - - 5* 1 9

- - - 5 7 - - - S1 1 9

- £- 70 per Annum - - - 3S —

- - - - - 35 —

- 183 Days, at 9 4 - - - 85 8 —

- - >s — - - - '37 5 —

- - '5 — - - - '37 5 —

- - 9 4 - - »S 8 —

- - '5 — - - - *37 5 —

- 5 7 - - - 5' 1 9

— - - „ - '5 — - - - *37 5 —

- - - - '5 — - - '37 5 —

- - 9 4 - - - 8S 8 —

- - . - 9 4 - - - 8S 8 —

- £. 84 per Annum - - - 4* — —

183 Dayi s, at IS — - - - '37 5 —

- - 9 4 - - 85 S —

The following Regiments, being the Pay of the Paymasters and their Clerks; viz. 6th Dragoon Guards, Committee of Paymaflcrship, from the ill April to the 20th 1801, at 10/. a Day ——

Caithness Legion, Capt. A. McPherson, from id April to 30th September 1801, at 5/. 1 d. per Diem ——

Glengarry Fencible Infantry, Ensign Cameron, same Time, at 10/. 4d.

Wexford Militia - - ~

Donegall Da - -

North Cork D° - -

Caithness Legion - -

Glengarry Fencibles -Donegall Militia - -

Wexford - D* - .

North Cork D° -

- Ensign Alcock, same Time

- Jof. Benifon, same Time

- Lieut. Bourke, same Time

- Paymasters Clerk, same 'Lime

0 - -

same Time same Time same Time same Time

- D°

15/.

9/. 4^. 1/. 6J< D* -D° -D° -D° w

The Agents of the

Invalids

Aberdeen Fencibles Argyle -Clanalpine Fife -

Leicester -McLeod's Nottingham Reay

lay - -

Carried forward

£4° 10 —

51 1 9

94 11 —

94,) 1 —

*37 5 —

1 85 8 —

*4 5 *i

*4 5 *»i

*4 5 »*i

*4 5 *i

*4 5 *»i

'mailers Clerks,

1Z.

*4 5 i

*4 5 *i

*4 5 Hi

*4 5

*4 5 Hi

*4 5 *i

*4 5 *i

*4 5 *«i

*4 5 *;

>4 5 *i

142- '9 4i

18

54

120

120

30

5°

20

30

30

6 — 6 —

1,309 8 4

100 ——

33 13 — i

637 9 4

91 10 —

2,115 1 9

574 *6 54

5,314 10 10.

f. /. d.

309 276 16 si

I 309,276 16 3i

iSor. Decern b.

Brought forward Agents — For Subfiffence of the Paymasters Clerks — continued.

York Militia - - - *

An* rim ——

Cavan - -

Clare....

Dublin City ——

Kildare Militia ——

King's County ——

Leitrim ——

Limerick City - -

Londonderry ——

Louth ——

Mayo, North ——

Queen's County ——

Tipperary ——

£.142 >9 4j

14 5 ni

14 5 "i

14 5 "i

>4 S ni

H S n-i

*4 5

H S iM

-«4 5 m

*4 S H?

>4 5 Hi

14 S *»i

5 ni

5 "i

14 5 ni

The following Officers, being 200 Days Bat and Forage, for Campaign 1801:

Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, Cant. Huxley -

Afliffant Deputy in Adjutant General's Office, Lieut. Burton -

Nine Affiffant Commissarics, at/1. 20 each - - £.180 — —

Comm diary to Corps of Waggoners Pk Cannon - - 20 — —

Four Deputy Commissaries. at /\ 10 each - - - 40 — —

l'aymalkr ai*d Adjutant, M. D'Omeara - - - - 10 — —

Veterinary Surgeon, Thomas Stioker - - - - 10 — —

1 wclve (Quarter Mailers, at £. 10 each - - - 120 — —

CommifTarat Establishment:1

The following Persons, being their Bat and Forage, for the following Periods; viz.

As - - Aid de Camp to the Lord Lieutenant, Capt. Huxley, 25th May to 30th June 1801 Atfiffant Deputy in Adjutant General's Office, Lieut. Burton, iff January to D° -Affiilant Quarter Mailer General, Capt. Tobin - - - - D° - - to D° -Gasper Erck, Esq. on Account of the Incidental Expences of the War-Office

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Subfiffence of the Paymasters of said Regiments, from lit April to the 30th September 1801; viz.,

Galway Militia - Ensign Perce, 183 Days, at 10/. 4di - - £- 94 11 —

T\rone - - - - Lieun Anderson - - - - 9/. 4d. - - 85 8 —

Meath - - - . - Lieut. Belcher, 6 Months, at f, 96 per Ann. - 48 _ —

Kilkenny - - Capt. Wiikinson - D° - - Dy - - - 48 — _

S >uth Co;k - - - — Hill - 183 Days, at 5 s. 7 d. - - 51 1 9

iermanagh - - - - Henry Lellie, Jr - D° - - 15/. - - - 137 5

Wcffmcath - - Thomas Greene - D° - - D° - - - 137 5

Wicklow - - William Walih - D° - - D5 - - - 137 5 —

South Downshire - - J unes Hairifon - D° - - D* - - - 137 s

Northampton Fencibles, Capt. Lyle - - D° - 5/. 7y. - - 51 1 9

Devon and Cornwall - — Manly - - D° - - D® - - 51 1 9

Somerset - - — Forller - - D° - D® - - 51 1 9

Cheshire - - - - Ensign Jones - - D° - 10/. 4d. - 94 11

Llicx - - - Capt. Shearman - D° - at / 7° Pcf A*10* 35 — _

Durham - Dickson - D° - - D° - - - 35 — —

Agents to the following Regiments, on Account of the Subsistence of the Paymasters Clerks, irum iff April to the 30th of September 1801; viz.

South Cork Militia South Dow 11 (hi re Fermanagh Galway Kilkenny -Meath Tyrone Wellmeath Wickiow -

- - - - - £ H 5 Hi

- - - - 14 5 ni

- - - - - 14 5 Hi

S Hi

- - - - - 14 s ni

5 ni

S "i

- - - - H 5 H 4

- - - - 14 S Hi

Paid Lieut. Gen. Vallancey, being the Compensation awarded him by a Board of General Officers, lor having delivered up to Lieut. Col. Fisher, of the Royal Engineers, all the Military Surveys and Reports of this Country that were in his Pollession -

Agents to the following Regiments, being the Subfiffence of Paymasters Clerks; viz. (from ill April to 30th September 1801)

Cheshire Fencibles -Devon and Cornwall -

Durham - -

Essex ——

Northampton ——

Somerset ——

14

*4

*4

14

H

Hi

*i

»ii

Hi

Hi

Hi

Agents to the following Regiments, being Forage of Adjutants Horses, from id April to 30th September 1801; viz.

62c! Foot, ill Battalion - D° - 2d D° Cheshire Fencibles Devon and Cornwall -Durham -Northampton Somerset -

18 18 18 18 18 18 18

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

Carried forward

£-128

£ ' d.

[,314 10 ioj

343

2 6

20

20

380 -

3

18

54

200

14 — 2 — 6 —

M93 *7 "

12813 5

2,275 —

85>S 7i

4>379 8 —

Appendix*

jO* </

309,276 16 3I (No. 66.)

30 Mail,

continued*

s.65713 4!

3 >+-934 9 »£

Appendix, (No. 66.) 3*

entmutd.

i8or. Decemb. 9.

16.

Brought forward -Agent* — For Forage of Adjutants Horses — continued.

South Cork Militia ——

South Down (hi re ——

Fermanagh ——

Galway -

Kilkenny ——

Meath ——

Tyrone ——

Westmeath ——

Wicklow ——

Essex Fencibles ——

16th Foot, Infantry -38th *

7 2d -

Invalids -

Aberdeen Fencibles

Argyle -

Clanalpine -

Fife shire - - .

Leicester -

McLeod's -

Nottingham

Reay - -

T*y -

York.

Antrim Militia -

Cavan -

Clare Militia

Dublin City

Kildare

King's County -Leitrim -Limerick City -Londonderry Louth -

Mayo, North -Queen's County Tipperary - -

2 —

- 18 6 _

18 6 —

6 —

6 —

6 —

6 —

6

6 —

6 —

18 6 —

18 6

- 18 6 —

6 —

6

18 6 —

6 .

6

6 —

18 6 —

6 —

6 —

6 —

6

6 —

6 —

6

18 6 _

6

18 6 —

6 _

18 6 —

18 6 —

6 —

6 —

18 6 —

18 6 _

6 —

£. s. d. 1 £

4,379 8 — l 3*4-93+ 9

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of the Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

Clare Militia - - - August 1801 - - - £, Sz ——

Clanalpine Fencibles, September - - - a ic u

Tay.....D-.....74*7 3

Agents of the following Regiments, on Account of Hospital Contingent Expences; viz.

6th Dragoon Guards - - - - "£*150 — —

Hompefch Dragoons - - - - 50 — —

Treasurer to the Ordnance, on Account of the neceflkry Expences of that Establishment -John Wilkinson, Esq. Agent for the Transport Service, on Account of the Expences incidental to his Department ——

Agents of the Aberdeen Fencibles, being the Amount of the Offreckonings due said Regiment; viz.

20 Months Offreckonings for 10 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 240 Privates,

and 10 Contingent Men - -- -- £. 1,206 10 7

Deduct 31 Days, from 23d October 1801 (Date of Plac*) to 22d November 1801 inclusive, which will be added to Warrant to end said Day, at£»t. 19/. 8 d. per Diem - - - - -6198

Agents of the following Regiments, for Extra Price of Provisions; viz.

Suffolk Fencibles, May 1801

Argyle ... August - - - . - - - . - ^,150 7 —

----- September - - 35 — —

Agents of the 2d Battalion of the 46th Foot, on Account of the Medical Expences of the said Battalion, from the ill April 1801 to 31st March 1802 ..

The following Persons, being 200 Days Bat and Forage for Campaign 1801; viz.

Deputy Commifl'ary General, P. E. Singer ——

Acting Deputy D° - - - William Kenny ——

Director General of Hospitals, Geo. Renny - -

The following Persons, on the like Account, for the following Periods 5 viz.

Director General of Hospitals, George Renny, from 1 ft January to 30th June 1801 1 lofpiul Apothecary, Ed* Trevor, same Time ——

Br. Gen. F. Champaign, being the Balance due to him on his Contingent Account with Government, from ift January to 31st March 1801 -

Carried forward

- £

311 2 —

494 ~

208 13 2

200 —

*4>933 7 goo — —

5-S93 S 3?

1,145 11

94 10 —

185 7 —

147 1 —

30 _

30 — —

20

18 2

18 2 —

107 l9 9

27,529 5 3

,320,5:7 1* 11.

Appendix

ij.2 Geo. III.

1801. Decemb* 16.

Brought forward -

The following Persons, being the Balances due to them on their Contingent Accounts; viz.

Lieut. Gen. William Gardiner, from ill January to 3ill March 1801 /. 1,051 _ 2

- - - - Earl of Clanricarde - - - D® . - - 300 1 3

Br. Gen. Grofe - - - D° 4- . *4* *7 1

- - - W. Scott - - - - D® - - - 209 4 *1

Major Gen. Sir C. Afgill - D® 187 8 si

- - - Charles Barnett . - D® - 153 *4

1 e O 1 1 1 - - 1 ft April to 31st May - io4 3 1

- - - - Clerhane - ill January to 31st March . *34 — Ilj

- - - D° - - - ift Ap ril to 31st May - 101 lS 3i

Br. Gen. C. Campbell - IH January to 3ill March - 158 16 Si

- - - D. Campbell - - D° - - *37 9 ii

- - Thomas Meyricks - - D® - - 226 *3 11

Br. Gen. S P. Dalrymple ill January to 3ill March - *47 *7 8|

- - - Fdwn-d Dunne - D° ... - 139 8 6

- - - Hennikcr - - - D° - - 181 *5 6f

Major Gen. E. P. Trench Dd.

- - - - Lucius Barber - - D* -

Br. Gen. Ed. M iden - - D° m m m - -

£ ' '

2 7>S 29, 5 3

Colonel R-ivrnor.d, Ir/pcflor of Cloatning, his Pay, at £.\ per Day, from ill April

to 5G‘b June tSoi -

Agents to the Half Pav Officers on the Irish Establishment, being the Amount of Half P.iy due to the Officer* of the different Regiments of Irish Brigade, who had been formerly checqucd for want of the necessary Affidavits, to 30th June 1801

Major Nichclfon, Town Major of Londonderry, the Amount of his Pay, from the 26th Miy, the Date of his Appointment, to the 30th December 1800 -

Total

1*703

„ 1 / 2

9°9

£ > J-

320,527 >4

1,204

469 1 9

178 17 5

221 l6 3 I29 2 2]

9I ——

1,093 19 5

43 — —

Appendix, (No. 66.) 30 Afaii,

continued.

2,66$ 6 2

£ 353*93 *i

TrraAiry Chambers,

Dublin Ca!ile, 27th April 1S02.

G. Cavend\fh.

Vc

10 z

9io

Appendix

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 67.) 5* A/rf/7.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garkisons, and other His Majesty's LAND FORCES, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present EfUbli foment 5 and for reducing their Numbers.

CORPS.

GREAT BRITAIN, JERSEY, GUERNSEY, and ALDERNEY.

j The Eari of Harrington's -2d - D° - - Lord Cathcart's -

*h£*} Tk< D"k'0(

'"^'g w- *-pi"'- - -

ad - D° - - The M irquis Townshend's

3d - D° - - Sir Wra Fawcett's -

4th - D° - - Gencml Wurde's -

jth - IV - - General Biand's -

7th - D* - - Sir William Medows's

*d - D® - - L* Gen1 David Dundas's -jd - D° - - Lord Grey's -

4th - D° - - Sir Rob1 Sloper's -

6th - D* - - The Earl of Pembroke's -

>*'

10th - D° -11th - D° -12th - D° -

13th - D° -14th - D° -15th - D° -16th - D* -17th - D° -»8th - D® -aid - D° -

The Prince of Wales's Marquis of Lothian's

Sir James Steuart's Gen1 Craig's -

Mrijor Gen1 Egerton's -The Duke of Cumberland's Hon. General Harcourt's -L* Gen1 De Lancey's - -

The Marquis of Drogheda's Lf Gen1 Tavleton's -

the YorkHuflars, Major Geu1 Wilford's -

F F^^Guard0/} The Duke of G,ouce,l«^,* Coldstream D3 The Duke of York's - -Third - - D* The Duke of Argyll s - -

';I, S I " E*r'of ck*ihi"'*

n L' Gen1 Rertie's -

Three C it 26th - 1)° -28th - >)° -

29th - D3 - <

4:d - D° -nd - n° 4,rh-l>'-

4fj:h - I'-' -

5zd - ir -

T^n Bait

Ll General Gordon's -General Prelcott's - -

L‘ General Forbes's Sir Hrrtor Munro's General Smith's - -

Limit. General Lifter's Cion* M.iithna's - -

| Major Gen1 Moore's -

rh - J)° - - General Tottenham's -

6*,rh - Da - - General Hro vre s - -

-cth - D° - - The EM of Suffolk's -

93d - D* - - "Major General Wcmyfs's

tain's

A RtSSS* f }CoW. Mau«infih

RB^i<b- } L* GeneraI LumfJjilie'* -

[ he Roy.il^ Colon.l Hamilton's V. aggon Tram J

The Staff Corps, Ll Colonel Rutherford's -S:vty-six Independent Companies of Invalids Ganifons ——

KUMBBRS.

3S3

35©

S67

1.158

9S°

950

9>°

1.070 950

950

950

95*

930

950

1.070

1.070

1.070 850 95 95°

1.070 930

1.070 930 850

481

4»44*

2»?7$

2»775

911

1.270

22,090

9.992

3.331 2.748

7i8

9.6 9,0 1.131 718 1

7.81

9;fi

- a, 46

916 718 718 690

912'

Total per Annum for Great Britain, 7 Jericv, Guernsey, and Alderney J

W'» irh, for 31 Day?, from the 2;*! May 1802 to ;ne 24th June

lowing, both ir.cii.il.c, an*uu;

2‘‘,'7

L* M i u to 3

l9>273

62S

44*>

7*75

302

- 161,176

Pay and

Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officera, Non-com mi liioned Officers, and Private Men.

Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men.

AGENCY.

Anneal I Allowances to j

Captains 1 ad I

Riding MaSts.;

TOTAL CHARCE PER ANNUM.

1 1 j —

£ f. d £ S. c/. r- a/. £ A 1 1 d. £ 1. d

- - J 1 11

l - _ 1 j 32,3*4 I 11 3

I . I 9 2

51,848 s . 5 5^4 *7 4 630 5 2 879 12 _! j: 58,882 *9 6

43,626 12 6 . 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733 — -1 ll 49.494 1Z 3

43,626 12 6 4,606 3 5 s*8 16 4 733 — — 1 i'49.494 12 3

43,626 12 6 4,606 3 5 5*8 16 4 733 — — 49.494 12 3

49.519 >7 1 S'M* 10 11 569 17 8 733 — — 55-958 5 b*

43»6*6 12 6 4,6c 6 3 5 528 16 4 733 — — - 49.494 12 y

43,626 12 6 4,606 3 5 5*3 16 4 733 — ' 49.494 12 3

43,626 12 6 4.606 3 5 5*8 16 4 733 — — 49,494 12 5

43,663 2 6 4,612 10 2 S29 3 11 733 — — 49 537 l6 7

4^.626 12 6 4,606 3 S 5*8 16 4 73.3 — — j 49.494 12 3

43626 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 7 33 — — 49.494 12 3

49-5 >9 >7 1 5*135 10 11 569 >7 8 733 — — 55.9S8 s 8

49*519 17 1 5*35 10 11 569 17 8 7 A — — 55958 5 8

49.5*9 17 1 5*35 10 11 569 17 8 733 — — 55.958 5 8

' 39.976 12 6 4,120 18 2 5°5 T4 6 733 — — 45*334 5 2

43.^6 12 6 4,606 3 5 528 16 4 733 — — 49 494 1 z 3

43.626 12 6 4,606 3 S 5>8 16 4 733 — — 49 494 12 3

49.; >9 17 1 5s13 5 4,606 10 11 569 17 8 733 — — 1 55-9,8 5 8

43,626 12 6 3 5 528 16 4 733 — — 49.494 12 3

49-5 >9 I 7 1 5»*35 10 11 569 *7 8 733 — — 55.958 5 8

43,626 12 6 4>6o6 3 5 528 16 4 733 — — 49.494 12 3

39.976 12 6 4.120 18 2 S°3 *4 6 733 ✓ — 45-334 5 2

OO -d- 00 >7 11 *>375 6 9 357 3 6 426 8 — 29,007 16 2

i . 138,951 6 2

_ _ _ - - - 87,* C2 3 —

- - 87,306 17 —

82.475 3 6 9,361 _ — 819 18 2 ',69; — — 94*351 1 8

70,293 6 — 7,678 2 9 748 8 4 >,695 — — . 80,414 17 1

19,399 7 5 *.'77 18 1 226 12 6 473 5 — , 22,277 13 —

*3.507 2 10 *-559 7 7 250 2 11 SbS — — 126,881 *3 4

23,507 2 10 *559 7 7 250 2 11 565 — — ' 26,881 1 I t 4

28,031 12 5 5.1*0 6 8 277 9 5 565 — — 3i*994 8 6

19.399 7 5 *->77 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 *3 —

*9>399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 47 3 15 — 22,277 13 —

*3.507 2 10 *559 7 7 250 2 11 1 ! 565 — — 26,881 *3 4

54.093 IS 3 6,240 *3 4 539 18 11 1,150 — — 62,004 7 6

23.507 2 IC = 559 7 7 2 ;o 226 2 11 565 — — 26,881 13 4

i9.3'9 7 5 *,'77 18 j 1 2 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 —

'9.399 7 c 2,177 i3 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 1 22,277 13 —

*7-378 3 8 >975 8 8 209 1 1 11 475 *5 20.036 *9 3

22,623 10 9 *.5*3 12 1 224 1 4 45* — — *5-8*3 4 2

22,967 4 11 *.553 3 2 *45 4 S 473 *5 — 26,239 7 9

! I 22,252 16 8 2,500 — — 3*9 3 S l60 ——

1,224 2 8 l,»23 9 9 111 12 1 80 ——

154.424 *3 5 18,000 — — 1 1,632 6 — 6,480 — — -

! *8-734 l7 6 782 2 2! 1 - - 55 — -

1,726,476 18 1 183,826 16 1 5 19.550 t 12 — 34,587 5 — - -

1 I

*. J.

106,978 18 4

(,156,782 .3 J

3*3, S>° s *

SS5->75 — 11

25.23* — '

>2.539 4 6 180,536 19' 5 29.571 19 8

384,930 15

202,455 15 2

The E il l mate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, Sec. — continued.

CORPS.

IRELAND.

6th Rrg of Dra- 7 'pjic£ar;of CarhamptonV goon (ju ..rd» - J 1

9th - D° - - S‘rjal S* Clair Ermine's

2 1 ft of 7 n,

S Ci)!one! Beaumont s

1,'ght Dra ;cj J

23d - D# - - Co'oncl Fu'l.Lrron's -

*4th - D* - - M 'j r Gen1 Loft us *j

28th - Da - Major Gcn: Suvc'ey's

i$thRrgf of F ~>ot I n o Ball*

16th - D - -

21st - iy - .

3 2d - D° - -

38th - D* - -

46:h - D° .

Two Batt'

56th - D* - -

S$th - P* «.

6ad - D* - -

Two Batt*

71st - D° - -

72d - D° - -

89th - D* - -

92d - D* - -

| General PowelFi -

Mjior Gen' Bowyer's Ll Gen1 Hamilton's The Earl of Rofc's -Ll General Rooke's

| Sir Ja* Henry Craig's

L: Genera) Norton's General Scott's - -

| General Matthew's -

Grncral Gordon's -Major Gen1 Stuart's -L* General Ogilvie's Marquis of Huntley's

NUMBERS.

S49

8 49

850

S49

849

8$o

2,690

1 *°93 *-93 *>c?3

2.186

1 '3 45

7*2

2.186 1,093 I»°93

7*2

*.*23

One Corps of Invalids -Garrisons, with Fire and Candle

Allowances to the Chaplains of the Gar- 1 nlon of Dublin, and to the Forces > Hationed at (undry ether Places - - J

Total per Annum for Irel a w d -

Which, for 31 Days, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, inclusive, amounts to - -

This Sum of jT 66,298. 14. 8. Irish, 7 amounts, in British Money, to . - 3

For Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and AlJernev, Drought forward > from the preceding Fage - - - J

Total - .

5,096

*7>5Ia

661

23,269

61,176

84045

Pay and ally All jw<ncc of Commissioned Officer, Non - com m i fli oned Orficers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. AGENCY. Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers; also, for Fastiers. TOTAL PER /

£ * £ * J. £ ' £ ' d- c~ " 1 Irish.

35.703 16 11 5,243 18 8 289 8 4 *.95* 3 9 j 43,188 7 8 1

35,703 16 n 5,243 18 8 289 8 4 *951 3 9 i |43,i88 7 8 i

3i>75« '5 — 5.257 ia 6 289 15 11 1,952 14 2 ! ! 43725* *7 7

35.703 16 11 5,243 18 8 289 8 4 *.95* 3 5 j 143,188 7 8

35,703 16 11 5.243 >8 8 289 8 4 1 »951 3 9 ! 43*88 7 8

3S*7 51 '5 — 5,257 12 6 289 15 11 1,954 14 2 143»25* *7 7

64,196 13 2 7,686 14 6 421 — 4 ,356 73,660 8 —

*7*335 7 3.15* 1 — 182 16 8 678 31 *347 *9 3

*7>33S 7 3,»5* i — 182 16 8 678 3*>347 *9 3

*7*335 7 3.152 1 — 182 16 8 678 3i»347 *9 3

*7.335 1 7 3.15* 1 — 182 16 8 678 ! 3*347 *9 3

54,670 3 2 6,304 2 — 365 13 4 «.356: 62,695 *8 6

32,098 6 7 3.843 7 3 210 — 2 678 36,829 14 —

iS,6;8 9 11 2.177 18 1 221 — 11 473 '5 — *>S5* 3 1*

54.670 3 6,304 2 — 365 13 4 ,356 ! 62,695 18 6

*7>33S 1 7 3.15* 1 — 182 16 8 678 3>*347 *9 3

*7.335 1 7 3,15* 1 — 182 16 8 678 3,»347 19 3

18,678 9 11 *>*77 >8 1 aai — 11 473 *5 — ‘ *«S51 3 4

27,10318 3 3.120 6 8 *7® 9 7 565 !3i.o59 *4 6 I

3.793 4 — 1,826 12 11 89 a 5 720 — — 1 16,428 19 4

- - - 6,108 4 4

- - - 687 16 8

>62,218 15 4 83.844 7 4,998 6 2 22,75613 4 780,614 3 —

*66,298 14 8

- - m a. - = - - - £

Append!*, (No. 67.) j ' Matt,

' continued.

n'*1

s, d*

61,198 16 8

263,754 11 10

War Office, 1 5th May 180*. 3

C, Torke.

VOL. 57.

Appendix

A. 1802

t

Appendix, (No. 67.)

5* Maii,

continued.

a

----- ----- ----1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANT ATI ONS, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Minorca, at Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales; from the 25th of May 1802 to the 24th of June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days, according to their present Establiftunect; and for reducing their Numbers.

Pay and Charge of Cloalhing Annual

Daily Allowance of for Alio a ances

Commissioned rn TOTAL CHARGE

CORPS. numbers. Officers, Non-commissioned AGENCY. CaD'ains

Non-commissioned Officers, ami PER ANNUM.

Officers, and Private Men. and Private Men. Riding Mailers,

( — n £ /. d. s. d. /: d. £ d. ( c 1 & j.

20th Regiment of Light Dragoons Lord Heathfield's - - - - 35° '7 >9* 4 10 10 1,728 4 5 293 3 7 367 17 — - - - 203181510

8th - D° - - - Sir Robert Laurie's 704 . - 35»199 *3 9 3.383 12 8 450 >9 1 634 9 — 39,668 14 6

26th - D* - - - Lieut. General Floyd's 850 - - 39-9/6 12 6 4,120 18 2 503 *4 6 733 — — 45*334 5 2 85.002 19 8

ill Reg* of Foot, ‘ Two Battalions; ► The Duke of Kent's - 2,246 - - 53-569 1 1 6,240 l3 4 538 16 7 1,130 — — 61,878 11 -

2d - D° - - - Lieut. General Coates's 718 - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 5 — 22,277 >3 —

3d - D* - - - General Hall's - - - 718 - - 19*399 7 5 2,* 77 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 —

6th - D° - - - Prince William's - - 718 - - 19*399 7 5 2.177 13 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 —

7th - D° - - - Sir Alured Clarke's 718 - 19,581 17 5 2>*77 18 1 228 2 11 473 *5 — 22,461 *3 5

8th - D® - . - L* Gen1 Ralph Dundas's 718 - - 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 22 6 12 6 473 S — 22,277 *3 —

nth - D° - - - General Grant's - I»I23 - - 27,103 18 3 3.120 6 8 270 9 7 S6S — — 31.059 *4 6

13 th - D° - - - General Ainllie's - - 916 - - 23»5°7 2 10 a,559 7 7 250 2 11 565 — — 26,881 *3 4

14th - D° - - . Lieut. Gen1 Hotham's - 718 - - 19,399 7 5 **77 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22>277 *3 —

18th - D° - Sir James Pulteney's - 718 - - *9.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22*277 >3 —

20th - D° - - Two Battn# - ► Lieut. General Leigh's 2,246 - - 54>°93 *5 3 6.240 *3 4 539 18 11 1,130 — — 62,004 7 6

22d - D° - - - Lieut. General Simcoe's I.*47 . - 2 3,062 — 9 3.248 l5 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 31,201 4 6

24th - D° - - - Lieut. General Whyte's 916 - - 23,507 2 10 2,5S9 7 7 250 2 11 565 — — 26,881 *3 4

27th - D° - - - ] Two Battnj - j Lord Clarina's - - - 1,852 - - 46,900 4 5 5.118 >5 2 499 5 8 M30 — — 53.648 5 3

30th - D° - - . Major Gen1 Manners's 718 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 2 66 12 6 473 *5 — *2,277 >3 —

34th - D° - - - Lord Southampton's - 1,147 - 28,062 — 9 3248 f5 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

35th - D° - - -1 Two Batt"1 - j j- General Fletcher's - - 2,246 - - 54*093 *5 3 6,240 »3 4 539 18 11 1,130 — — 62,004 7 6

37th - D° - - - Sii" Hew Dalrymple's - 7.8 - - f9'399 7 5 2.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 13 -

39th - D° - - - L* Gen1 Nifbitt Balfour's 718 - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 l3 —

40th - D° - - - ] Two BauM - ] Sir George Osborn's 1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5*218 !5 2 499 5 8 1,130 — — 53.648 5 3

41st - D° - - - Sir Thomas Stirling's - 1 7*8 - - *9*399 7 5 2.177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 —

44th - D° - - - Gener.nl Rainsford's 718 - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 5 — 22,277 >3 —

47th - D° - General Dalrymple's - 1,123 - - 27,103 18 3 3.120 6 8 270 9 7 565 — — 5 *>°59 *4 6

48th - n° - - - General Tonyn's - - 718 1 - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 13 —

1 1 0 Q 1 0 LO Sir James Duff's - - 718 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 *3 —

53d - D° - - - Lieut. General Crosbie's 7*8 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 5 — 22,277 *3 —

54th - D° - - - ] Two Battni - j Major General Baird's - I 1,832 - - 46,900 4 5 5.118 *5 2 i 499 5 8 M30 — — 53*648 5 3

57th D° - - - General Campbell's - ! 7*8 - - *9 399 7 5 2,*77 18 1 226 12 6 473 *5 — 22,277 >3 —

59th D® - - - Majar General Rob's - 718 ! - - 19*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 1 473 *5 — 22,277 13 —

60th - Dj - - -; Six Battr‘J -1 j- The Duke of York's - j 6,807 - - 163,074 2 10 *8,904 7 2 i,633 — 7 3,466 10 — 192,128 — 7

63d - D° - - - The Ear! of Balearres's j Lieut. General Lelan^'s 1,123 - - 27,103 18 3 3. *20 6 8 270 9 7 565 -- _ 31*059 *4 6

64th . D° - - - 1,123 - - 27,103 18 3 3>*20 6 8 270 9 7 565 _ — 31*059 *4 6

65th - D° - - - Lieut. General Stevens's 1,147 - - 28,062 — 9 3.248 *5 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6

66th . D° - - - The Earl of Clanricarde's' . 7*3 - - *9*399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 *s 22,277 >3 —

68th - D° - - Two Battni - J Sir Thomas Tiiggc's - j 2.246 - 54»°93 lS 3 6,240 *3 4 539 \ 18 11 1,130 — 62,004 -1 7 6

69th - D° - - - Lieut. General Cuyler's 1; 18 - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 _ 22,277 *3 —

79th - D° - - - Colonel Cameron'.s - - 718 - - 19,279 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 11 3 473 15 _ 22,156 8 10

81st D° - Lieut. General JohnfonV *, M7 - 28,062 — 9 3*38 *5 7 287 3 2 603 5 _ 32,201 4 6

83d . D° - - - Lieut. Gen1 Ja" Balfour'.v 7,8 I - *9*39 9 7 5 *.*77 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 22,277 13 —

85th - d° - - Two Butt01 -' Major General Nugent's; 2,246 - 54^93 *5 3 6.2^0 13 4 539 18 11 1,130 _ 62, C04 7 6

87th - D° - - - Colonel Doyle's - - . - 7.8 j - - 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 , 226 12 6 473 15 . 22>277 *3 —

90th - D° - - - Colonel Graham's - - 71S - - 19»z79 4 6 *,*77 8 1 2 *5 11 3 473 15 22,156 8 10

91st - D° - - - Colonel Campbell's 1,147 - 28,062 — 9 3.248 15 7 287 3 2 603 5 — 32,201 4 6 -

Carried forward . - i 1 r 904 - -i j 105.3*1 *5

The Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, kc..~continued.

CORPS.

NUMBERS.

£ /. d. £ d. £ d. c S. d. £ /. d.

Brought forward - - - " 1,904

The Queen's nun Rcg( Colonel John Stuart's - M*3 - 20,989 *7 — 3,120 6 8 269 9 4 565 — — 30,944 13 —

The Queen's Rangers, , Lieut. Colonel Shank's - 433 - - 10,120 *5 4 1,128 7 9 «3 *4 6 > >3 — — > >*445 >7 7

The Gorec Corps - Colonel Frafer's - 229 - - 6,067 *4 11 600 — — 59 4 8 >>3 — — 6,839 >9 7 /

id West India Reg1, Major Gen1 Whyte's - 555 - - *47*5 1 10 1,576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — >6,855 16 9

2d - D* - - Major Gen1 Myers's - 555 - - *47*5 1 10 1.576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — 16,855 16 9

3d - D» - - Major Gen1 Kcppel's - 555 - - *47*5 1 10 1.576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — 16,855 16 . 9

4th - D° - - - Major Gen1 Nicolls's - 555 - - *47*5 1 10 >,576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — 16,855 16 9

5th - D* - - - Colonel Calvert's 555 - - *47*5 1 10 ‘.576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — 16,855 16 9

6th - D* - - - Major Gen Whitelocke's 555 - - *47*5 1 10 1.576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — 16,855 16 9

7th - D* - - - Major Gen1 Campbell's 5S5 - - 14,725 1 10 1,576 >7 6 >74 *7 5 379 — — 16,855 16 9

8th - D* - - Colonel Johnflone's 55S - - 14,611 — 7 1.S76 >7 6 >73 *7 2 379 — — 16,740 >5 3

9th - D* - - - M-jor Gen1 Don's - - 683 - - 17,056 10 7 >,933 >3 10 188 5 2 379 — — >9*557 9 7

10th - D* - - ‘ Colonel Maitland's 683 - 17,056 10 7 >,933 >3 10 188 5 2 379 — — '9*557 9 7

nth - D* - - - Licur. Colonel Hiflop's 683 - 16 936 7 8 >,933 >3 10 «87 3 9 379 — — 19,436 5 3

12th - D" - - - Lieut. Col1 O'Meara's - 683 - - 16,936 7 8 >933 *3 10 187 3 9 379 — — 19,436 5 3

Newfoundland Regiment of Fencible Infantry 688 - - 17,128 *5 4 >,967 >9 8 206 *9 3 593 *5 — 19,897 9 3

Ancient IriQa - - - D® - 688 -® - 17,128 *5 4 1.967 >9 8 206 *9 3 593 *5 — >9,897 9 3

Surrey - - . - D® - 688 63,127 17,014 *4 1 >,967 >9 8 20$ 18 11 593 *5 — 19,782 7 8

CARRISONS, Ac.:

Qiebcc, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Saint John'* lilar.d -

Jamaici, Grenada, St Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago ——

Oncers fervirg with His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Portugal, Gibraltar, Minorca. Malta, Egypt, ana at the Cape of Good Hope -

Officers of the Hospitals fenring with the said Force* ——

GIBRALTAR*

5th Foot, Two Ba:t"\ Major Gen* England's 23d D# - General Grenville's -25th D* - Lord George Henry Lennox's Cambrian Ra-grrs (Fencible Infantry) - -

Banff Regiment of Fencible Infantry -Prince of Wiles's Own - D° -

Officers of the Garrison of Gibralur

MINORCA:

17th Foot, Two Battalions, General Garth's-31st D* - Lord Mulgrave'i -36th D° - General S' John's -g2d D* - Major General Pigot's

NEW SOUTH WALES:

Colonel Grofc's Regiment -

For the Allowance to the Paymasters of the Regiments of Fencible Infantry above-mentioned ——

To be paid by the I Hind of Jamaica, bring the Charge of Lord Heathfield's Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the lit and 4th Battalions of the 60th Regiment

Remains

Which, for 31 Days, from the 25th of May 1802 to the 24th of June following, inclusive, amounts to -

1

>.83*

1.123 7.8 688 688 688

1,831

1,113

1.123

1.123

5*737

5,j°i

710

76,679

Pay and Daily Allowances of Commissionsed Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

46,900 4 27,103 18

19*399 7

17.014 14

17.014 14

17,014 14 1

46,900 4 5

27.103 18 3

27.103 18 3

27.103 18 3

17.4*0 15 4

1,984,291 1 3

Charge of Cloathing for

Non com m i ffione^ Officers, and Private Men.

5,118 15 2 3.120 6 8

2.177 *8 1

1.967 19 8c

1.967 19 8

1.967 19 8

5,118 15 2

3,1*0 6 8

3.120 6 8

3.120 6 8

1,979 I 3

222,513 14 4

A C E N C Y.

499 S 8 170 9 7 226 12 6

205 18 II 205 18 II 205 18 M

499 5 8

270 9 7 270 9 7 270 9 7

198 19 5

21,667 3 7

Annual

Allowances

to

Captains

and

Riding Mailers.

Appendix* (No. 67.) 5® Maii,

caUinutd

TOTAL CHARGE PER ANNUM.

1,130 — 565 — 473 IS 593 >5 593 >5 593 15 ‘

1,130 — —

565 ——

565 ——

565 ——

426 7 6

45,865 18 6

5 3,648 5 3

31,059 14 6 22,277 13 —

19.782 7 8

19.782 7 8

19.782 7 8

53.648 5 3

31.059 14 6

31.059 14 6

31.059 14 6

----- ---1

J. d.

105,321 15 6

1.835,831 14 t

6,300 18 4

2,725 13 3

85,722 19 — 24,090 — —

166,33a 15 9

3.737 3 —

146,827 8 9

20*024 3 6

1,000 — . —

2.397,914 11 *

84,307 '2 IO

2,313,606 18 4

196,498 2 3

Wir OxHce, 5th May 1802.

C. Yo

VOL. 57.

11 A

Appendix, (No. 67.) 5* Mali,

ctmtimuti.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for Service in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive, being 31 Days; according to their present fcdabli foment, and for their Reduction.

GREAT BRITAIN:

Royal Lancafoire Regiment -

Regiment of the Ides ——

Loyal Irifo

Loyal Tarbert ——

Argyll (2d) ——

Lochaber ——

North Lowland -

Tay - - - -....

Ross and Cromarty ——

Glengarry ——

id Rfiyal Manx Corps - -

Scillonian ——

For the Allowance to Paymasters ----- Total per Annum, for Great Britain

Which

nch, for 31 Days, from the 25th May 1802 to the 24th June following, 1 -

inclusive, amounts to - -J *»'

IRELAND:

Aberdeenfoire Regiment Angusfoire Argylishire Brcadalbane Caithness Highlanders Caithness Legion Chefoire -Clanalpine.

Devon and Cornwall -Duke of York's -Dunbartonfoire -Durham -

Elgin

Essex

Fifefoire.

Frafer

Leicester -

ad Manx -

Northampton

Northumberland

Nottingham

Princess Charlotte of Wales's

Reay....

Somerset -

Suffolk . -

York - -

'Total per Annum, for Ireland This Sum of £. 544,594. 18. 7. Irifo, amounts, in British Money, to

inclusive, amounts to -

Total for Great Britain, from above

Total

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

I, IIO £ ' d. 30,140 ij 2

688 >9.879 9 3

- 6S8 19,782 7 8

688 19,78* 7 8

688 19,782 7 8

1,121 30,502 14 7

588 *7.7i7 7 *

848 *3-305 5 7

688 9>879 9 3

588 7.7*7 7 8

67S 18,173 19 4

1KO 2,815 ,s 9

I.OCO

- 8,480 240,477 10 3

ollowing, £ 20,424 2 4

848 Irtflj. 237337 9

588 17,5611011

848 *3-337 *4 9

848 *3.337 >4 9

1,121 30,740 9 6

588 17,561 10 11

- 588 17,561 10 11

1,121 30,740 9 6

- 588 17,561 IO 11

848 *3>337 r4 9

588 17,561 10 11

588 17,561 10 II

588 17,561 10 11

588 17,561 10 11

- 848 23*337 14 9

588 17,561 10 11

- S88 17,561 10 11

848 23*337 *4 9

588 17^561 10 11

588 17,561 10 11

588 17,561 10 11

- 688 19,809 19 S

848 23*337 14 9

- 848 23*337 *4 9

588 17,561 10 11

1,121 30,740 9 6

- 19,067 544*594 >8 7

- - " - 502,703 0 3

ng. £ 4*693 6 5

- 8,480 *0,424 2 4

- *7, S47 £. 63,119 8 9

War Office, 1 5th May 1802. 3

C. Yorke.

An ACCOUNT, fncwing how the PUBLIC MONIES Remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th of January 1801, together with the Monies paid into the same during the Year ending the 5th of January 1802, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Trar.sport Bills Iftucd, and not Redeemed, during the said Year, have been actually Applied Distinguishing the Total Ammnt of the Sjms applied to the following Heads of Service: — ift. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together with the Unarges of Management; the Sums applicable to its Reduction; the usual Gran: for the same Purpose; and Interest for the Debt upon Imperial Lo.ns. — >d!y, The Interest on Exchequer Bills. — 3<dl y. The Civil List. — 4thly. The other Charges on The Consolidated Fund; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties. — 5thly- he Civil Government of Scotland. — 6:hlv. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants. — 7 th! y. The Navy; specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Silario to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices, for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, Budding of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for the Marines; for the Victualling; for the Sick and

Wounded: for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health. ----- ----8thly. The Ordnance; specifying the Amount of Monies paid

for Services at Home and Abroad respectively. — 9‘chly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid cn Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers and Officers of (iarriions; for IT.ilf Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospita!; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices: specifying alto the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof. — :othly. Loans, Remittance?, and Advances to other Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively. lithly. MtfcrlUncous Services; specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively And, lnftly, fp-.*c,tying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distin-guishing the separate Expences of and for Great Britain, from those which belong to it with Ireland.

Appendix (No. 68.) 50 Mali.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE.

SUMS.

-r

I. For Interest, Arc. on the Permanent Funded Debt of Great Britain, including Annuities for Lives and 1 erms of Years -

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest on that Part of the Funded Debt which is to be Redeemed by the Duties on Income

For Charge of Management thereon -

For Interest, 6cc. on Loans raised for the Service of Ireland ——

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, &c. on Imperial Loans -

F'or Charges of Management thereon -

There was also Applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt - - £. 1,000,000 — —

The usual Annual Grant - - 200,000 — —

Expired Annuities54.880 14 6J 79>8go

Annuities on Lives Expired or Unclaimed for Three Years - - 45,827 2 6

Annuity of £. 1 perCent. for Reduction of Permanent Debts, created since the 5 th of January *793 2,338,863 7 *»

Whereof was Applied towards the Re- 1 dudion of the National Debt - - 3

Total on Account of Interest -

- D* - for Charges of Management -

- D° - on Account of Reduction of National Debt ..

II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills -

III. The Civil List - .

£ '

S>9°5>359 + 9?

1,868,043 *

S57»,79 3 4 45S-°79

£. /

190,996 7 —

31,8x8 ——

8,091 s —

5,867 3 8

18,785,660 9 3 i236,772 15 8

22,450,23* *+ 5,310,5! 9 9

IV.

The other f Courts of Justice -

Charge, Mint....

on the / Allowances to the Royal Family,

Consolidated

Fund; viz.

Pensions Salaries and Allowances -Bounties - -

Carried forward -

3,664*57* 4 11

/. d.

TOTAL.

X-

/. d.

,7»*39*72° 4 >i 236,772 15 8

S.310.5H 9 9

898,000 — - — +6*205 1 8f-

14*093 4 7

188,524 14 5i

67,592 17 II

6*335 *5 —

22,687,004 9 10J 1,121,890 10 7

1,220,751 13 SI

25,029,646 14 2

Vol. 57.

Appendix, (No. 63.)

5* Miiir,

entmued.

HEADS of EXPENDITURE.

SUMS.

Brought forward -

V. The Civil Government of Scotland -

VI. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; viz.

Bounties for Fisheries, Manufactures, Corn, Scc. Pensions on the Hereditary Revenue -Militia and Deserters Warrants# Sec.

VII. The Navy; viz. Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy,

and Navy Pay Offices -

For Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions ——

For Dock Yayls, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, Contingencies, Scc.

For Marine Service on Shore -

The Victualling Department -

The Sick and Wounded D° -

The Transport ..... D°, for Transports - -

for Prisoners of War in Health -

Miscellaneous Services -

VIII. The Ordnance

IX. The Army. — Ordinary Services; viz.

For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids# and Volunteer Corps -

Barracks -

Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons Half Pay -Widows Pensions -Chelsea Hospital -Exchequer Fees -Pay of Public Offices - -

Extraordinary Services -

X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Coun-

tries:

Portugal - -

Ireland

XI. Miscellaneous Services:

At Home ——

Abroad ——

/. d.

76,000 — — 2,329*670 is —

7>i33»°°8 2 327.000 — -

1 #209#!9* 11

76.000 — —

60.000 — —

1. d.

£- *. *

23,029,646 14 2

69>374 9 "

*»7*7>54* 6 6j *7,000 — — 41,209 14 8|

9*865,678 17 5*577,500 2

515,000 ——

>*34S»>9* — 11

7,63*846 >5 3

651,840 ——

100,658 7 6

194,9°°

,3,500 ——

13*97° 9 8

66,631 19 8

34,860 8 8

8,838,208 — 9 5*347*74 ——

200,113 1S 4

2,300,000 -

*139.891 7

,6S*S3S 14 9l

1,795*7 S* 1 Si

i7.303>37» *

2,165,911 10 5$

14,185,382

2,700,113 15 4

*.305,4*7 93

Peduft Loan for Ireland -

TOTAL.

4. tk

65*554*978 13 Ilf

2,500,000 — -

63.054.978 13 Hf

Thu includes the Son

of £' 46o»943* * 6m- Interest paid on Imperial Loans.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 5th May 1802.

N. Van fit,

Ai* ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING on the 5th of January 18c*; under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of Public Service-; specifying the fame; Distingoi(hing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands con lifted; and also what Parc of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was

Unprovided for.

Appendix

(A) - - EXCHEQUER BILLS:

By what ACTS Railed.

On what FUNDS Charged.

AMOUNT Outstanding.

Sess. ad. 39 Geo. III. T Cap. a. j

41 Geo. III. Cap. 7.

4a Geo. III. Cap.

40 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

41 Geo. III. Cap. 2.

39 & 40 Geo. III. 1 Cap. 102. J

41 Geo. III. Cap. 82.

39 and 40 Geo. III. 1 Cap. 33. J

41 Geo. III. Cap. 4.

... - Cap. 83.

39 & 40 Geo. III. 1 Cap. 104. 3

41 Geo. III. Cap. 81.

42 Geo. III. Cap. 9.

39 & 40 Geo. III. 1 Cap. 28. J

Anno 1800 - £ 433-000

1801 - 750,000

180a - 750,000

£. s. J.

X. /.

Malt Dudes -

- - Dd -

- - D» -

Pensions, Offices, Perfoi\al Estates, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, ai

- - D* -

Supply -

- D# - -

Aids -

- D°

Supply -

Further Sum -

Vote of Credit Loan - - *

Aids - -

1800 (a) 90,000

|801 - - 2,000,000

1800 - (a) 47,700

1801 - (a) 88,900

1800 a. - 1,650,200

1801 - 6,849,400

1801 (Bank) 3,000,000

1890 m (*) 38,600

1801 - (a) 3,300

1802 - - 1,887,000

1806, for Extension

of Bank Charter 3,000,000

(B.) - - TREASURY:

Miscellaneous Services Warrants for Army Services

Treasury Bills Accepted previous to and on the 5th of January 1802, due subsequent to that Day - , - - j.

£.*45,38711 — 1 577,03711 7

372,779 18 6

{20,588,100 — —

1,195,205 1 ij

(C.) -

ARMY:

Ordinary Services Extraordinaries

- £874,669 17 5

- Nil.

0>)

(E.)

(F)

(G.)

BARRACKS

- ORDNANCE.....| 5°3-7>6 6

- NAVY - . 7,110,880 1

- CIVIL LIST ADVANCES

874,669 17

9®>,31 ——

2

7l

2,268 8 —

3°»37*>97° H 4

(a) Paid off since Jth January 1802^ — The remaining Sums to be discharged by the Funds

on which they are respectively charged.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 6th May 1802. J

N. Vanjittart.

Vol. 57.

lx B

tintinuid.

APPENDIX to the preceding ACCOUNT.

Appendix (A.)

Aw ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in EXCHEQUER BILLS Outstanding on the 5th Day of January 180*.

By what ACTS Railed. On what FUNDS Charged* Amount Outstanding.

Seff*. 2d. 39 Geo. III. 7 Cap. 2. j Malt Duties — - - A° 1800 - £. /. J. 433,000 — —

41 Geo. III. Cap. 7. - D* m - A° 1801 - ----- -- 750,000 — —

42 Geo. III. Cap. - - D* - - A° 1802 - -- -- - 750,000 — —

40 Geo. IIL Cap. 8. - Pensions, Offices, Snuff - - Personal Estates, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and - A° 1801 90,000 — —

41 Geo. III. Cap. 2. - D* - - A0 1802 ----- --- 2,000,000 — —

39 & 40 Geo. IIL 7 Cap. 102. J Supply - - - - A° 1800 ----- --- 47*700

41 Geo. III. Cap. 82. - Supply - - - - A° 1801 - - - - 88,900 — —

39 & 40 Geo. III. 7 Cap. 33. J Aids - - - A* 1800 - -- -- - 1,650,200 — —

41 Geo. IIL C»p. 4. - Aids - - - A° 1801 - -- -- - 6,849,400 — —

- - - Cap. 83. - Supply - m - A°1801 (Bank) ----- -- 3,000,000 — > —

39 & 40 Geo. III. 7 Cap. 104. j Further Sum - - - A0 1800 ----- --- 38,600 — —

41 Geo. III. Cap. 81.- Vote of Credit - - - A0 1801 ----- --- 3,300

42 Geo. III. Cap. 9. - Loan - - - A° 1802 - . - 1,887,000 — —

39 & 40 Geo. III. 1 Cap. 28. j Aids - m - A° 1806, for Extension of Bank Charter - - - - 3,000,000 — —

£ 20,588,100 — —

Exchequer Bill Office, 7 J, Plant a,

17th March 1802. X jo},n pder

Appendix (B. i.)

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Great Britain, and the Demands Outstanding on the 5th January 1802; under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Sec.: Distinguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts and Demands confided; and also what Part of the said Debts or Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for; so far as relates to the Treasury,

Demands Outstanding on 5th January 1802, for Services that had been Voted:

To enable His Majesty to make good the Sums which may be awarded under the 7th Article of the Treaty with America, to be paid by the British Government ——

To be paid to Jeremy Bentham, Esq. for the Purchase of Ground for erecting a Penitentiary House for the Custody and Employment of Convicts, and towards the Expence of erecting such Penitentiary House -

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1801

For defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for 1801 ——

For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convids, for the Year 1801 -

For defraying the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of American Awards, for the Year 1801 -

For the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, for the Years 1800 and 1801 ——

For the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Hlands, for the Years 1800 and 1801 -

For the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, certain St. Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalists, for the Year 1801 ——

For defraying the Expence incurred, or to be incurred, for the Repairs of the King's Bench Prison - -

For defraying the Expence incurred, or to be incurred, for the Repairs of the Marshalsea Prison -

For defraying the Expence of a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers -

For the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings, for Royal Military College - - - - .

For Expences incurred, and to be incurred, on Account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of Soldiers Children -

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade, for the Year 1801 ——

To the Trustees of the British Museum ——

To the Board of Agriculture ——

For laying in Stores of Herrings and other Fiffi at convenient Places, and of distributing them for the Use of the different Parts of the Kingdom ——

For Bounties for taking and bringing Fiffi to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom....

Fordefrayiig the Charge of the Superin tendance of Aliens ——

C '

60.000 — —

24.000 — — v

14,503 2 6

2,368 3 2

12,399 18 6$

1,762 ——

1,200 — — 446 18 4

35.000 ——

2,coo —

5,000 — — 9,000 — — 16,600 — —

8,400 — —

5,000 — —

♦ 3,000 — —

3,000 — —

10 000 — —

30.000 — — *620 — —

Borne forward

244,300 2 6 i

Paid since 5th January i8ot. Paid in Part - - D".

Brought forward

£* / d

244,300 2 6£

Demands Outitandikc on 5th January 1802, for Services that were not Provided for:

£. s. d

For a Clerk employed on BuGnefi relative to American Claims - - - 132 3 6

To the Secretary of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission, for Half a Year, to 5th January 180a - -- 955 5 —

1,087 8 6

Paid since 5th January 1801.

245,387 n — i

Appendix, (No. 69.)

6° Maii,

itnlinutJ.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber*, _

6th May »8oa. J Vanfjttart.

Appendix (B. 2.)

ACCOUNT of SUMS UnfatisGed on the 5 th of January 1801, for the following Services; Viz.

£. / d

Pay, Additional Pay, and Contingencies of General and Staff Officers, Ac. - 50,416 — —

Knapsacks and Accoutrements - -- 15,611 — —

Cloathing - -- -- 47,910 — —

Loss of Baggage, Ac. by fun dry Officers - - - - 33*420 — —

Bit, Baggage, and Forage Money ----- -- 147,800 — —

Apothecary General - -- 180,000 — —

Levy Money for Augmentation Foot Guards ----- -- 40,453 — —

Alteration of Accoutrements, Ac. ----- --- - 2,300 — —

Table for the Guards - -- 4,727 11 7

Sundry Miscellaneous Services - -- 54,400 — —

Treasurt Bills Accepted previous to and on the jth of January 1802, Due subsequent to 1 -

that Day - j

£ * d.

577.037 11 7

372,779 18 6

949,817 IO 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 y

6th May 180a. J N- Vansittart.

Appendix (C.)

Am ACCOUNT of the Demands for ARMY SERVICES, Outstanding on the 2jth of December 1801; which have been provided for by several Grants of Parliament; DifHnguishing the Particulars of which the same conGiled.

ORDINARY SERVICES:

For 365 Days Net Offreckonings, to the 24th December 1801 ——

Militia Cloathing for 1801 -

Yeomanry and Volunteer D° for D° -

To complete 24 Months Offreckonings of sundry Regiments, Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements ——

Recruiting v ——

Marches and Contingencies ——

Garrisons in Great Britain, the Plantations, the West Indies, and Gibraltar -

Staff in Great Britain, at Gibraltar, and the Commandants of Out-Polls - - -

t Half Pay....

In-Penuoners of Chelsea Hospital ——

£. d

453.000 -

123.000 — —

20.000 — —

48,300 ——

10.000 -

15,000 — —

3*>S89 18 9 45>879 15 — ' 110,000 — — 16,900 3 8

874,669 17 5

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 23d March 1802.

P. George Craufurd, Accountant General.

VOL. 57.

Appendix.

A. 1802>

Appendix,

(No. 69.)

6* Mali,

etmimuid.

Appendix (D.)

Air ACCOUNT of the Outstanding Demands of the BARRACK Department, on the 31st December 1801.

Bal anci in Hand for the Current Service, id January 1801 *

Rscsivid from the Paymader General, between id January and 3id December 1801; Viz.

For the Service of the Barrack Department, for the Year 1801; as voted by

Parliament .....£. 465,129

For Forage, as provided in the Edimate of the Army, for D° - - - 208,011

Ann for Suns received on sundry Accounts between id January and 3id December 1801 -

Total Received for the Service of 1801 -

Paid on Account of Buildings, Repairs, and Alterations, Purchase of Premises, Forage, Beer, Coals, Candles, Bedding, Furniture, Utensils, Rents, Barrack Mader's Expenditures, Lodging Money to Officers, Office Edablidunent, &c. See. - -

Balance for the Current Services in Hand 31st December 1801 - - £.

Bills Accepted and Outdanding on 3id December 1801 ....

Diduct Balance as above

c

20,146

673,143 «4,697

707,9*3

695,248

ia»73S

110,866 l2>735

98,13*

The above Sum of £. 98,131, being on Account of Advances for the Service of 1802, is provided for in the Edimate of that Year.

STATEMENT of Sums due on Accounts delivered into the Barrack Office, for Services completed, to 3ld December 1801 r and which! when finally settled, will close all Outdanding Demands for Barrack Services to that Period.

On Account of Barracks D° - of Hospitals D° - - Repairs

£.206,966

62,801

I2*277

Barrack Office, 1 2 id March 1801. J

£- 282,045

01. De Lancey,

B. M. G».

(Appendix E.)

An ACCOUNT of Demands on the ORDNANCE, Outdanding on the 5th January 1802: Didinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands confid; and also what Part of the said Demands was then Provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was Unprovided for: — Vi*.

Debentures made out, and Bills, so far as they have been delivered in, for Stores supplied and Services performed; also Bills of Exchange, Impreds to Storekeepers and Payma&ers, and other Ready Money Articles ——

Deduct — The following Sums included in the above Account, and not provided for by Parliament; Viz.

£ Newfoundland..... 797 9 9

1 Bahama Islands ----- - 380 5 z

Bills of Exchange drawn from - < West India Islands — Demerara, Surinam, and 1 „ „ „

1 Trinidad..... *3-7*9 5 5

(Guernsey ..... 1,191 13 —

Amount of Demands made on f Malt. - . 166,371 911

this Office for Value of Ord- Gulph of St Especia - ..... *,332 9

nance and Stores captured by 1 Goree ..... 1,000 — —

His Majesty's Forces at - - |, St. Euflatius ... - - - - 1,910 — —

RkMAiits provided for by the Grants by Parliament for Ordnance Services -

£ ' ' 701^28 12 $

197,71a 6 —

503,716 6 2

Office of Ordnance, > ill April 1802. J

Howe. A. Ross. Sargent.

Appendix (F.)

Navy-Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of His Majesty's NAVY, and the Demands 16th March 1802. J Outstanding on the 31st of December 1801; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same conM.

NAVY:

1. d.

Due — For Bills payable at Ninety Days, for Naval Stores, Freight of Tenders, Slop Cloathing, and Bedding for Seamen, supplied for the Service of the Navy -

For Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, Freight of Tenders, See. for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1801; as also for several Bills of Exchange accepted ——

For Wages to His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His Majesty in Council on that Behalf ——

To pay the Wages unpaid on Books of Ships paid off.

To W^ges due to Seamen and Marines on Board Ships in Sea Pay on the 31st December 1801 ——

1429,123 18 1

1,012,322 3 11

453^25 ——

172,845 16 1

432,942 14 2

,*779>349 7

£ ' *

5»*79,908 13.10

VICTUALLING;

As per Accounts received from those Commissioner*:

Due — For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Provisions, Stores, Sec.

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1801 ——

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

733,no 14

55,068 6 11 178,24914 4 44,43314 4

> 1,045,01a

34.»s° 4 4

s

SICK and WOUNDED;

As per Accounts received from those Commissioners:

Due — For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Sick Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office ——

TRANSPORTS;

As per Accounts received from those Commissioners:

*53»724 *

Due — For Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for the Freight of Transports and Stores, and for the Subsistence, Cloathing, Sec. of Prisoners of War in Health -

For Freight of Transports, and for Stores supplied; Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also for Subiiilence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December j8oi - -

300,288 8

1,115,910 16

1,416,199 4 8

THERE remained in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, on the 31st December 1801, applicable to discharge the Debt ——

7,894,844 8 5

I 783,964 6 9*

c- 7,110,880 1 7l

Memorandum.-^THE Accounts received from the different Naval Departments are made out to the 31st of December in each Year: This Account is made up to that Time; as Application must otherwise be made to all the various Departments to asceruiin the Particulars of the Debt incurred for the Five Days of January 1802, which could not be obtained for some Time, and the Difference in the Total Amount would be very inconsiderable.

A. S. Hamend. H. Duncan. J. Henjlow. JVm Rule. S. Gambier.

Appendix (G.)

An ACCOUNT of Monies Advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th January 1802; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively*

John Flaxman, Esq. (being the Second Payment) for erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey to the Memory of Captain James Montague ——

William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn for the RejJfcirs of Port Patrick

Enos Smith, Esq. to enable him to pay several Person* employed in preparing Abstracts, to be laid before Parliament, of the Population of Great Britain ——

C- -

,296 14

471 14 —

500 — —

2,268 8 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers May 6th, 1802.

VOL. 57.

N. Vansittart.

11 C

Appendix,

(No. 69.)

6* Maii,

continued.

- *

Appendix*

A. 1802*

An ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDEDDEBT of IRELAND, and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING, on 5th January 1802; under the Heads of — Loan Dibintures, Exchequer Bill*, and Lottery Prizes; didingoifliing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided; and also what Part of the said Debt and Demand was then Provided for;

and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for.

LOAN DEBENTURES:

kefidue of Debentures bearing £.4 per Cent. Intered, to the Year 1788, provided for by 27 & 28 Geo. III. but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Old Loan ——

Loan by Lottery 1780 Ditto by Ditto -1781-

4

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

Outdanding Exchequer Bills, provided for by several Alb of Parliament, but

Payable 24th 24th 24th 24th 24th 24th 24th 24th

B X C H E QJJ E R BILLS, not in Course of Payment till after the 5th January 1802:

ied by the Proprietors; i une - 1783 viz.

une - 1790 -

une 1791 - - 4

une - 1792 - -

une - 1793 - r

une - 1794 - -

une - *795 - -

une - *796 -

December 1798 - -

June 1801 -

37 Geo. Ill

1

Payable 25th December 1801 25th March - 1802 24th June - 1802 25th December 1802

- - - - (') 27,200 — —

* . - , - - 22,150 — —

- - - - 151.250 — —

29,75° —

* (fc) 30,000 —

- - - - 386,250 — —

- - - - (') 6,023 6 8

- - - 200,000 — —

- - - 600,000 — —

of - - - C) 100,000 — —

£ /. d.

67; ——

1,250 ——

750 ——

8 6 8

50 ——

100 — — 400 — — 100 — — 200 — — 400 — — 500 — — 400 — — 250 — —

i.

0 2.675 —

38 Geo. III. Payable 25th March - 1806

40 Geo. Ilf. Payable 25th March 1803

40 Geo. III. Payable 25th March - 1803

40 Geo. III. Payable 25th March 1802

41 Geo. III. Payable 24th June - 1802

41 Geo. III. Payable 24th July - 1802

LOTTERY PRIZES:

Outdanding Lottery Prizes of the several Lotteries, from the Year 1782 to the Year 1800 Prizes of the Fird Lottery of 1801, Payable 26th March 1802

Ditto of the Second Lottery of 1801, Payable id June 1802 -

Total -

£. s. d.

2,67s —

(*) 2,808 6 8

230,350 ——

1,322,273 6 8

(*>30,025 —

150,000 ---

150,000 —

1*55543* 13 4

330,025 ——

1,888,131 13 4

0) Provision has been made for these Sums by several Acts of the late Iridi Parliament.

(b) To be provided for by the Grand Canal Company, to whom they were Ifliied.

(c) To be provided for by the Commissioners of Wide Streets.

(d) Have been for some Years pad replaced from Year to Year by other Exchequer Bills to a similar Amount. (*) Provided for last Session.

The remaining Sums to be provided for.

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Cadle, 1 24th April 1802. J

G. Cavendish.

Append?!, (No. 71.) 7* Maii.

BSTIM ATB of the Charge of the Orrici of Okdnanci, for the Month of June 1802.

Bor Ouat Bhitaik

For Service in Iiilakd

OrHce of Ordnance,) 7th May 1802. |

LAND SERVICE: £ d.

Ordinary 44-Qoo — —

Extraordinary 89,333 6 8

c 133.]36 6 8

Ordinary - - . - - - - 6,666 13 4

EXtrnoidimry ..... 18,333 6 8

25,000

Total for the United Kingdom 158,336 6 8

A. Ross. Sargent.

913

TransUtion of a TREATY between his Catholic Majesty and the Prince Regent of Portugal;

signed at Badajoz, June 6th, 1801.

Appendix, (No. 72.,) 11# Mali.

THE End being obtained which his Catholic Majesty pfoposed to himself, and judged necessary for the general Good of Europe, at the Time of his declaring War again# Portugal; and the Belligerent Powers having mutually combined with his said Majesty;

They have determined to establish, and renew the Conne&iona of Amity and good Correspondence, by means of a Treaty of Peace.

The Plenipotentiaries of the Three Belligerent Powers have met, and agreed upon the forming Two Treaties (these being only One in the essential Part, as the Guarantee is reciprocal); neither of the Two to have any Validity, should an Infraction of any of the Articles contained therein be proved.

In order then to obtain so important an Object, his Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and of the Algarves, and his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, have granted their full Powers to negotiate as followsHis Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and of the Algarves, to his Excellency Luiz Pinto de Souza Continho, one of his Counsellors of State, &c.&c.&c.; and his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, to his Excellency Don Manfel de Godoy Alfarez de Faria Rios Sanches e Sargofa, Prince of Peace, Sec. See. Sec Who, after having communicated to each other their full Powers, and found them drawn up in proper and regular Form, have agreed upon, and confirmed the following Articles, regulated by the Orders and Instructions of their respective Sovereigns:

Article I. Peace, Friendrtup, and good Intercourse, shall subsist between His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and the Algarves, and his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, both by Sea and Land, throughout the whole Extent of their Dominions; and all Prizes made by Sea, after the Ratification of the present Treaty, shall be faithfully restored; together with all Sorts of Merchandize and Goods, or their respective Value.

Article II. His Royal Highness shall (hut up the Ports of all his Dominions to the Vessels of Great Britain, in general.

Article III. His Catholic Majesty shall restore to his Royal Highness the Fortresses and Places of Icromenha, Arronches, Portalegre, Caftello de Vide, Barbacena Campo Mayor, and Onguello, with all his Territories, either conquered already, or which may be conquered; together with all the Artillery, Muskets, and other Ammunition found in the said Fortresses and Places, which shall be restored in the same Condition as they were in at the Time of their being surrendered. His said Majesty shall retain in quality of Conquetl, and unite for ever to his Dominions and Subjects, the Post of Oliven^a, its Territory and Inhabitants, from the Guadiana, so that this River may be the Limit of the respective Kingdoms in that Part which touches the above-mentioned Territory of Olivenfa only.

Article IV. His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and the Algarves, shall not permit, on the Frontiers of his Kingdoms, Depots of prohibited and contraband Effects, which may prejudice the Commerce and Interests of the Crown of Spain, beyond such as may exclusively belong to the Regal Revenue of the Crown of Portugal, and be necessary to the Consumption of the respective Territories in which they are madeshould this, or any other Article be infringed, the Treaty now establishing between the Three Powers is to be considered as void.

Article V. His Royal Highness shall, without Delay, make good to the Subjects of his Catholic Majesty, when jijftly claimed, all Losses caused by the Armaments of Great Britain, or the Subjects of the Crown of Portugal, during the War with either of these Powers; in like Manner, his Catholic Majesty will give just Satisfaction to his Royal Highness on the Subject of all Captures made illegally by the Spaniards, before the War now existing, by Infraction of Territory, or within Cannon-(hot of the Portuguese Fortrefle?.

Article VI. Before the Expiration of Three Months from the Ratification of the present Treaty, his Royal Highness shall pay ' into his Catholic Majesty^ Treasury, the Expences (which his

Vol. 57.

Troops neglected satisfying when they withdrew from the French War) according to the Statement already given in by his said Majesty *3 Ambassador, or which may again be given in; Errors in the above-mentioned Statements excepted.

Article VII. Immediately on the Confirmation of the present Treaty, Hostilities shall reciprocally cease within the precise Space of Twenty Hours; after this Term, no Contributions, or other Exadions whatever, shall be demanded of the conquered People, farther than what is usually granted to friendly Troops in Time of Peace. And upon the Ratification of the said Treaty, the Spanish Troops shall evacuate the Portuguese Territory within the exact Limit of Six Days, beginning to march Twenty-four Hours from its being notified to them. They shall commit no Acts of Violence or Exadion as they pass along, but shall pay for whatever they want, according to the Market Price of the Country.

Article VIII. All Prisoners made by Sea and Land shall be immediately set at Liberty, and mutually restored, within Fifteen Days after ratifying the present Treaty, upon paying all Debts which may have been contracted during their Detention.

The Sick and Wounded shall continue to be taken Care of in their respective Hospitals, and shall be also given up whenever they are able to March.

Article IX. His Catholic Majesty binds himself to guarantee to his Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, the intire Preservation of his States and Dominions, without the slighted Exception or Reserve.

Article X. The Two high contracting Powers oblige themselves to renew immediately the Treaties of Defenflve Alliance which subsisted between the Two Monarchies, with such Clauses and Modifications however as are required by the Connedions which at present unite the Spanish Monarchy to the French Republic; in the same Treaty they must also regulate the Assistance which is to be mutually^fcnc, whenever any Exigence may require it.

Article XI. The present Treaty shall be ratified within the exact Space of Ten Days after being mutually agreed upon, or before, if possible.

In Faith of which. We, the underwritten Ministers Plenipotentiary, sign, in the Name of our August Masters, and in virtue of our full Powers with which they have inverted ua for that Purpose, the present Treaty, and have sealed it with the Seal of our Arms.

Done in the City of Badajoz, June 6th, 1801.

Luiz Pinto de Souza. (l. s.)

El Princejfe de la Paz. (l. s. )

Translation of a TREATY of PEACE between the French Republic and the Kingdom of Portugal; signed at Madrid the 9th Vendemiaire, Year Ten (39th September 1801.)

THE First Consul of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of the Kingdom of Portugal, and of the Algarves, equally animated with the Desire of re-establishing those Relations of Commerce and Amity which subsisted between both States previous to the present War, have determined to conclude a Treaty of Peace, through the Mediation of his Catholic Majesty, and have appointed (or this Purpose the following Plenipotentiaries; Viz.

The First Consul of the French Republic, in the Name of the French People, Citizen Lucien Bonaparte, and his Royal Highness the Prince Regent of the Kingdom of Portugal and of the Algarves, his Excellency Cypriano Ribiero Freire, Commander of the Order of Christ, one of the Council of bu Royal Highness,

and

Appendix, (No. 72.)

11* Alaiit

and his Minider Plenipotentiary to his Catholic Majesty; which Plenipotentiaries after having exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

entinutd. Article I. There shall be henceforth, and for ever. Peace,

— ..J Friendship, and good Undemanding, between the French Republic

and the Kingdom of Portugal. All Hostilities, both by Land and ' Sea, shall cease after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; that is to say: Within Fifteen Days in Europe and the Seas which bound it, and the Coast of Africa, on this Side of the Equator; within Forty Days after the said Exchange in the Countries and Seas of America and Africa beyond the Equator; and Three Months after it in the Countries and Seas to the Westward of Cape Horn, and to the East of the Cape of Good Hope. All the Prizes made after each of these Periods, in the Latitudes mentioned, shall be respectively restored. The Prisoners of War on each Side shall be redored, and the same political Relations re-established between the Two Powers as cxitled before the War,

Article II. All the Ports and Roads of Portugal in Europe shall be immediately (hut, and continue so until the Conclusion of Peace between France and England, against all English Ships of War and Merchantmen; and the said Ports and Roads shall be open to all the Ships of War and Merchantmen belonging to the French Republic and her Allies. As to the Ports and Roads of Portugal in other Parts of the World, the present Article shall be obligatory within the Periods above fixed for the Ceffacion of I loflilitics.

Article III. Portugal engages not to furnish, during the Course of the present War, to the Enemies of the French Republic and her Allies, any Succours in Troops, Vessels, Arms, Warlike Stores, Provisions, or Money of any Kind, or in any Manner whatever. All anterior Acts, Engagements, or Conventions, contrary to the present Article, are hereby revoked, and regarded as null and void.

The Indians of the Two Guianas, who in the course of the War may hare been carried off from their Habitations, shall be respectively redored. The Citizens or Subjects of the Two Powers, who may be comprized within the new Determination of the Limits, may reciprocally retire to the Posse (lions of their respective States. They shall likewise have Power to dispose of their Property, moveable and immoveable, during a Period of Two Years, to be computed from the Day of exchanging the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article V. A Treaty of Commerce and Navigation shall be negociated between the Two Powers which shall definitively settle the Commercial Relations between France and Portugal: in the mean time it is agreed,

1. That the Communication shall be re-established immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, and that the Agents and Factors of Commerce shall, on each Side, be restored to the Possession of the Rights, Immunities, and Prerogatives, which they enjoyed before the War.

ad. That the Citizens and Subjects of the Two Powers shall equally and reciprocally enjoy in the States of either, all the Rights therein enjoyed by those of the most favoured Nations.

3d. That the Commodities and Merchandize produced from the Soil or Manufactures of each of the Two Powers shall be admitted reciprocally, without Restriction, and without being liable to any Duty which would not equally affect the Commodities and Merchandize of a similar Nature imported by other Nations.

4th. That the French Cloths may be immediately imported into Portugal on the Footing of the most favoured Merchandize.

Jth. That in other Points all the Stipulations relative to Trade, inserted in preceding Treaties, and not contrary to the present Treaty, shall be provisionally executed until the Conclusion of a definitive Treaty of Commerce.

Article VI. The Ratifications of the present Treaty of Peace shall be exchanged at Madrid, in the Term of Twenty Days at farthed.

Article IV. The Boundaries of French and Portuguese Guiana shall be determined in future by the River Carapanatuba, which falls into the River Amazon, at about a Third of a Degree of North Latitude from the Equator above Fort Macapa. These Limits shall follow the Course of the River to its Source, from whence they shall take a Direction towards the Grand Chain of Mountains which divide the Course of the River; they shall follow the Windings of that Chain to the Point neared to Rio Branco, about Two and a Third Degrees North of the Equator.

Done at Madrid (a Duplicate being at the same Time executed) the 7th Vende-miaire. Year Ten of the French Republic (le 29 Sepr 1801.

(Signed) Lucien Bonaparte.

Cypriano Ribiero Freire.

Appendix, (No. 73.)

11* AI ait.

Translation of ADDITIONAL ARTICLES, signed at Moscow, the y* October 1801, to the Convention, between His Majesty and the Emperor of Russia; concluded at St. Petersburgh, the y June 1801.

WHEREAS by the 6th Article of the Convention, concluded the y June 1801, between His Briunnick Majesty and his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias, it was stipulated, that the Two High Contracting Parties should mutually agree on some Additional Articles, which should fix the Regulations and Principles to be observed, as well for accelerating the judicial Proceedings upon Captures made at Sea, as for the Damages which should be allowed to the Owners of Neutral Ships and Cargoes, in Cafes of unfounded Detention, Their said Majesties have named and authorized for this Purpose, viz. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Alleyne Lord Baron St. Helen's, a Peer of the said United Kingdom, one of His said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruflias; and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruflias, the Sieur Alexander Prince de Kourakin, his Vice Chancellor, Actual Counsellor, Mi-nider of the Council of State, Actual Chamberlain, Grand Chancellor of the Sovereign Order of St. John of Jerusalem, and Knight of the Russian Orders of St. Andrew, of St. Alexander New(ky, and of St. Anne of the First CIafs; of those of Prussia, of the Black and Red Eagles; of those of Denmark, of the Danebrog, and of the Perfect Union; and Grand Crofsof the Sovereign Order of St. John of Jerusalem: and the Sieur Victor Count de Kotfchoubey, his Actual Privy Counsellor, Minister for the Department for Foreign A (Fairs, Senator, A dual Chamberlain, and Knight of the Orders of St. Alexander Newlky of St. Vladimir of the Second

Class, and Commander of the Sovereign Order of St. John of Jerusalem; who, in virtue of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I. In case of unfounded Detention or other Contravention of the edab'ished Regulations, the Owners of the Vessel and Cargo so detained shall be allowed Compensation for each Day's Demurrage, proportionate to the Loss they shall have fudained, according to the Freight of the Taid Ship, and the Nature of its Cargo.

Article II. If the Miniders of one of the High Contracting Parties, or any other Persons accredited by the same to the Belligerent Power, should remonstrate against the Sentence which shall have been passed by the respective Courts of Admiralty upon the said Captures, Appeal shall be made, in Rudia, to the directing Senate, and, in Great Britain, to His Majesty's Privy Council.

Article III. Care shall be taken on both Sides scrupulously to examine whether the Regulations and Precautions agreed upon in the present Convention have been observed, which shall be done with all possible Dispatch. The Two high Contracting Parties moreover mutually engage to adopt the most efficacious Measures, in order to prevent the Sentences of their several Tribunals respecting Captures made at Sea being subject to any unnecessary Delay.

Article

Article IV. The Goods in Litigation cannot be fold or an* loaded before final Judgment, without an argent and real Necessity, which shall have been proved before the Court of Admiralty, and by virtue of a Commission to this Effect; and the Captort Hull by no means be permitted to remove or take away, on their own Authority, either opemy or clandestinely, any thing from a Vessel so detained.

These Additional Articlei, making Part of the Convention signed the V June 1801, in the Names of their Britannidc and Imperial Majesties, shall have the same Force and Validity as if they were inserted Word for Word in the said Convention.

In Witness whereof. We, the Undersigned, furnished with the full Powers of their said Majesties, have signed in their Names the p efent Additional Articles, and have affixed the Seal of our Arms thereto.

D.oc at Moscow the ych October 1801.

(l. s.) St. 11 Jens. (l.s.) I. Prince de

Kovrakin.

(l. s.) Le Comte de

Koijchouhcy+

T ran flat ion cf a DRCLARA I ION, explanatory of the Second SrCt'on of the Third Article of the Convention conduced at P'*terlbu'gn the y<h June 1801, between His Majesty ani the huip-ror ot Russia; signed at Moscow the y udober 1801.

I N order to prevert any Doubt or Mifundcrflanding with regard to the Cootcnts of tnc Second Session of the Third Article of the Corsrotion, concluded the ^th June 1801, between His Briunnick Majesty ar d hi' Muj* fly the Emperor of all the Rufiias, the said High Contrailing Parties have agreed and declare, that the Freedom of Commerce and Navigation, granted by the said Article to the 5ui>jc£U of a Neutral Power, does not authorize them to carry, in Time of War, the Produce and Merchandize of the Colonies of the BeTgcrcnt Power direct to the Continental PoltciTions, nor afrom the Mother Country to the Enemies Colonies; but that lite f.*id Subjects are, however, to enj<">y the same Advantages an.< Facilities in this Commerce as are enjoyed by the moll favoured Nations, and especially by the United States of America.

In Witness w hereof. We, Plenipotentiaries of their said Majesties, have signed the present Declaration, and have affixed the bcaU of our Arms thereto.

At Moscow, the t\th October 1801.

(l.s.) St. Helens. (l.s.) Le Prince de

(l.s.) Le Comte de

Kotjchoubcy.

Transition of the ACT of ACCESSION of His Majesty the King of Denmark and Norway to the Convention of the 'j7th June i8ri, and Acceptance of His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

In the Name of the Moll Holy and Undivided Trinity:

HIS Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffin, having, in purlu.vice of their mutual Delire to terminate, in tnc moil equitable Manner, the Differences which had arisen between them, as well as between Great Britain and the other Maritime Powers of the North, respecting the Navigation of their respective Subjects, concluded a Convention, signed by their Pie-THpctcr.tiaric?, at Saint Pcte.fburgh, the 'yth Jure of the present Year: and their common Solicitude extending itself not only to prevent similar Altercations in future, and tnc Troubles which might result therefrom, by cltab.ithing and applying the Principles and Rights of Neutrality in their respective Monarchies, but also to render this Syilcm common and equally advantageous to the Maritime Powers of the North, it was stipulated by the Ninth Aricle of the said Convention, That his Danish Majesty should be invited by his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rufiias, in tie Name of the High Contracting Parties, to accede to :he said Convention; and his Majesty the King of Denmark and Norway,

Yol. 57.

Appendix,

animated with the same Sentiment* of Conciliation and Peace, and desirous of removing every thing which has interrupted, or might hereafter interrupt the good Undemanding between their Britannick and Danish Majesties, and to re-establish fully, on its former Footing, the ancient Harmony and State of Things, such as they existed by his Danifti Majesty's Treaties and Conventions with Great Britain, his said Majesty has not hesitated to listen to the Invitation made to him to accede to the said Convention, signed at Saint Petersburgh, the yth June last.

(To effect this salutary Purpose, and to give to this Act of Accession, and to the Acceptance of His Britannick Majesty, every possible Authenticity, and every accustomed Solemnity, their said Majesties have named for their Plenipotentiaries, viz. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

Alleyne Lord Baron Saint Helen*, a Peer of the said United Kingdom, One of His Majesty* most Honourable Privy Council, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rufiias; and his Majesty the King of Denmark and Norway, the Sieur Francis Xavier Joseph Count de Dannefk old Lo vendal, Count of the Holy Roman Empire,

Knight of the Order of Saint Joha of Jerusalem, Major General in the Service of his Danifti Majesty, Commander of his Marine Forces, and his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rufiias; who, after having reciprocally exchanged their full Powers, found to be in good and due Form, have conducted and agreed, that all the Articles of the Convention concluded between His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Leland, and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Rufiias, the yth June of the present Year, as well as the separate Articles annexed thereto, and the additional ones concluded the ych October 1801, by the Plenipotentiaries of their said Majesties, in all the Clauses, Conditions, and Obligations, are to be considered as having been agreed upon, done, and concluded, Word for Word, by their Britannick and Danish Majesties themselves, in Quality of principal Contrafling Parties, save and except the Differences which result from the Nature of the Treaties and Engagements antecedently subsisting between England and Denmark, of which the Continuance and Renewal are secured by the aforesaid Convention; and with the express Stipulation on the Part of the High Contrafling and acceding Parties, that the Stipulation of the Second Article of the additional Articles, signed at Moscow the yth October 1801, by i the Plenipotentiaries of their Britannick and Imperial Majesties, which fixes that the Adjudication of Causes in Litigation shall, in the last Resort, be carried by Appeal, in Russia, before the directing Senatey and in Great Britain before His Majesty'* Privy Council, is to be understood, as with regard to Denmark, that the said Adjudications shall be there carried by Appeal, before the Supreme Tribunal of that Kingdom.

In order to prevent any Inaccuracy, it has been agreed that the said Convention, signed the *T7ih June, the Separate Articles annexed thereto, and the Additional ones concluded the *T°th October 1801, should be inserted here. Word for Word.

[Fiat infcrtio.J

In consequence of all which, his Majesty the King of Denmark accedes, by virtue of the present Act, to the said Convention, and to the said Separate and Additional Articles, such as they_are hereinbefore transcribed, without any Exception or Reserve, declaring and promising to fulfil all the Clauses, Conditions, and Obligations thereof, as far as regards himself; and His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland accepts the present Accession of his Danifti Majesty, and, in like Manner, promises on His Part to fulfil all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained in the said Convention, and the Separate and Additional Articles hereinbefore inserted, without any Exception or Reserve.

The Ratifications of the present Act of Accession, and Acceptance, shall be exchanged in the Space of Two Months, or sooner if possible; and the Stipulations of the said Convention shall, at the same Time, be carried into Execution as speedily as possible.

Regard being had to the full and entire Re-establishment of the State of Things, such as it was before the Period of the Mif-understandings which are now so happily terminated.

In Witness whereof. We, the Undersigned, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present Act, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of our Arms.

Done at Moscow the October 1801.

(l.s.) Si. Helens. (l.s.) F. X. J. de

Damejkioli Liizvendal.

ii D

(No. 73.) ii* Maii,

continued.

Appendix,

(No. 73O 1 I. Mail,

continued.

Transhtion of the A C T of ACCESSION of His Majesty the King of Sweden to the Convention of the y June 1801, and Acceptance of His Majesty the Ki ng of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

In the Name of the Moll Iloly and Undivided Trinity:

HIS M A J ESTY the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, having terminated, by a Convention, concluded at St. Pctrrlburgh the y June 1801, the Differences which had arisen b -tween them respecting the Rights of Neutral Navigation in Time of War, and his Majesty the King of Sweden, equally induced by the Desire of ffftening ard conciliating the Dissentions which existed on the same Subject between His Britannick Majesty and himself, having conlVnted, in consequence of the Invitation which has been made to him, to accede to the above-mentioned Convention; their said Majetlies have named, as their Plenipotentiaries to this Effect, viz. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Alleyne Lord Baron St Helens, one of His Majesty's Privy Counsellors, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias; and his Majrfly the King of Sweden, the Sieur Baron Louis Bogiilas Chiillopher Court de Stedingk, one of the Lords of the Kingdom of Sweden, his Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, Lieutenant General of his Armies, Chamberlain, Knight, and Commander of^iiis Oiders, Knight of the Russian Order oi St. Andrew, Knight Grand Crofsof his Order of the S'.vord, Knight of those of Uudia, of St. Alexander Newklkv, and of Sr. Anne of the First C:af«, and Knight of the French Order of Military Merit; who, alter having exchanged their full Powers, found to be in good and due form, ha\e concluded and agreed upon what follows:

Article I. His Majesty the King of Sweden accedes, by the present Trunfadion with His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great B 'tain a»d Ireland, to the Convention which w as concluded between his said Majesty and the Emperor of all the Ruffias the '57 June 1801, as well as to the First Separate Article annexed thereto, and to the Additional ones concluded on the *g° October 1 So I, promising and engaging himself to observe and fulfil all the Stipulations Clauses, and Articles therein contained, in the same Manner as if his Majesty had been a principal Con-

trailing Party thereto; save and except the Differences which result from the Tenor of the Treaties and Engagements cxilling between England and Sweden, and which are to be renewed and confirmed in virtue of the aforesaid Convention.

Article II. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland acknowledges, on his Side, his Majesty the King of Sweden to be a Contracting Party in the Convention concluded at St. Petersburgh the y June 1801, and binds himself, in the moll formal Manner, to observe, execute, and fulfil, to their utmost Extent, in whatever regards his said Majesty, the Stipulations, Clauses, and Articles of the said Convention, and of the said First Separate Article, and of the Additional ones; save and except the Differences which result from the Tenor of the Treaties and Engagements exilling between England and Sweden, and which are to be renewed, and confirmed, in virtue of tiic aforesaid Convention.

Article III. It is agreed that the Adjudication in the lad Resort of Causes in Litigation, which, according to the Second Ar- tide of the aforesaid Additional Articles, are to be brought by Appeal before.His Majesty's Privy Council in Great Britain, and before the Directing Senate in Rudia, (bail, in Sweden, be brought by Appeal before the Supreme Tribunal in Svvedidi RoglU Domllolen.

Article IV. In order to prevent any Inaccuracy, it has been agreed that the said Convention, as well as the said Separate and Additional Articles, should be inserted here Word for Word, and as follow's:

[Fiat insertio.]

The present Act of Accession shall be ratified in good and due Form, and the Ratifications exchanged at London in the Space of Two Months, or sooner, if possible, from the Day of its Signature.

In Faith of which. We, the Undersigned, in virtue of our full Powers; have signed the present Act, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of our Arms.

Done at St. Petersburgh, the March 1802.

(l.s.) St. Helens. (l.s.)

Appendix,

(No. 74-) 12* M

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Ordiniry and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for One Lunar loth May 1802. j Month; commencing the 21II May 1802.

For the Ordinary For the Extraordinary

£ J-70,201 — —

- - - 77,878

148,079

The Total of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, for One Lunar Month, amounts to One Hundred Forty-eight Thousand and Seventy-nine Pounds.

A. S. ILimonJ. II. Duncan.

J. Ilcn/lozu.

S. Gauthier.

T

Tr ansport Ofpic e,1 Ait E ST IM AT E of the Money that will be necessary for the Payment of the Hire of Transports; nth May 1802. t and for the Discharge of the Expence of Prisoners of War; which will become payable between the 21 ft May and 17th June 1802; being One Lunar Month.

Appendix,

(No. 74.)

120 M

nmttuutd.

For the Service of Transports ----- -- For the Service of Prisoners of War, in Health, at Home and Abroad ' - £ x. 105,000 — — 4,000 — —

£ 109,000 —

The Whole is One Hundred and Nine Thousand Pounds.

The principal Payments on Account of the Prisoners of War being made Quarterly, no more than £.4,000 will be required for that Service for the above Period; but, for the ensuing Month, when the Bills will come in course of Payment, it is supposed that about £.56,000 will be wanted.

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, ^ESTIMATE of the Expence of Maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for One 12th May 1802. J Lunar Month; commencing 21st May 1802.

21 ft May, June,

1S02.

Gnc Lunar Month

£. 3,000 ——

The Su:r» 'foul is Thre? Thousand Pounds.

Harness. IV. Gibbons.

VOL. ^7.

Appendix. (No. 75.) 14* Maii.

Air ACCOUNT; Shewiag tke Anont of the Monies which would have been applicable to the Expences of His MAJESTY *s Majesty, had been enjoyed by His present Majesty; from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1802, so far as the same Shewing, also9 the Amount of the AmcuiTY received by His Majesty, during the fiune Period, in lieu of those Revenues; and the Amount upon the Balance of the said Account.

YEARS. % CUSTOMS: Temporary Revenue. EXCISE: POST OFFICE: Hereditary Revenue. 120,000 per Ann. pursuant to an Act of the III Geo. 11. Sum brought to Account Annually, pursuint to Act 4th Geo. II. in lieu of the Flwx Duty repealed.

Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, by the ajd and 14th Charles 11. Annual Sum to be raised to Hereditary Revenue, pursuant to an Act 9th Geo. III. in lieu of Duty on Low Wine, 8cc. Sum brought to Account from the Duty on Wine Licences, pursuant to Act 30th Geo. 11.

£ /. 4. C 4. £ £- 1. 4. £- s. d. £ * £ / 4.

>777 3*8.54* 4 9 271,119 >4 11 70 000 — — 7*002 *4 3 101,594 6 i 120,000 — — 2,125 >5 2

1778 *89477 3 4 280,927 18 21 70,000 7,002 *4 3 102.848 9 9 120,000 2,125 !5 2

>779 *95>*9 9 8 311,224 — 70,000 — — 7,002 *4 3 100,009 5 10 120 OOOO 2,125 lS 2

1780 351»933 >9 10 3*3038 12 yi 70,000 — — 7»ooa *4 3 1115,658 8 5tt 120.000 — 2,125 *5 2

1781 3*6.451 *5 3 301.143 9 8* 7C.OCO — — 7,002 *4 3 80,925 4 i° i 12 0,000 — 2,125 *5

178, 3°°743 10 4 344.826 2 8 70,000 7,002 >4 3 119,303 14 1 12 ,0*0 — 2,125 *5 2

>7* J 304.761 3 4 270,701 x 1 5 70,000 7,002 4 3 143,896 4 5 1 2 !\OCO — 2,125 >5 2

1784 334.300 18 2 3*1.819 7 4 70,000 — — 7.002 *4 3 134,004 *4 4 I 2 J, OOOO 2,125 15 2

>7*5 I 456.8+3 2 7 308 +88 J4 3 70,000 — — 7*002 *4 3 123,804 4 — 120,000 2,125 *5 2

1786 412.609 4 9 296.OOOO 6 H 70,000 7*002 *4 3 118,886 16 8* 120 OOOO 2,125 lS 2

1787 563'639 5 4 345.496 4 Si 70000 7,002 *4 3 136,306 18 5 120,000 2,1,5 *5 2

1788 5*6.945 l7 8 308,670 7 11 70,000 — — 7,002 >4 3 150,726 *4 2 1 20,000 — — 2,125 15 2

1789 590.138 *5 3 316,040 8 I I 70,000 — — 7.002 *4 3 159.106 9 6 f 120, or 0 — — 2,125 *5 2

>790 646.493 19 11 353.5*9 !3 2i 70,000 — — 7*002 *4 3 75.65* 14 8A I 20,000 — 2,125 '5 2

>79* 575.3*9 12 7 374478 9 10 70,000 7*002 >4 3 182,959 16 10 120,000 — 2,125 »S 2

>79* 583.7*5 5 4 420.604 18 6 70,000 — — 7,002 >4 3 199,325 *4 -{ 120,000 2, T 25 *5 2

*793 5*9-759 12 I 4*.745 12 65 70,000 — — 7,002 >4 3 2*5.427 18 3rV I 20,000 2,125 *5 2

>79+ 5'3."7 5 6 +24.079 17 9 70,000 7,002 *4 3 211,318 2 3-r'f 120,000 — 2,125 *5 2

>795 522,706 1 11 377-203 >4 70,000 — 7,002 *4 3 257,978 X 7t\ 120,000 2,125 t5 2

>796 489463 10 — 489 396 12 6i 70,000 — — 7,002 >4 3 *99.575 *3 «l 120,000 2,t25 15 2

>797 403.703 — 1 495 54* 18 10 70,000 — — 7,00a >4 3 212,025 8 — I 20,000 2,125 *5 2

>798 540.356 17 11 5l6 268 18 S 70,000 — — 7,002 >4 3 212,025 8 — 120,000 — 2,125 *5 2

>799 824.C8a IO 11 502,;68 10 8 70,000 7,002 >4. 3 212,025' 8 — 120,000 2,125 *5 2

1800 726,830 4 10 18 7$ 70,000 — — 7*002 *4 3 212,025 8 — 120,000 2,125 15 2

.80,.

1 '»*44*.77S — 4 I 8,741.136 3 6< 1,680,000 — 168,065 2 — 3,987,411 4 Si 2,880,000 51,018 4 -

The Sale Accounts of Importations from the East Indies, not having been received by the Inspe£lor General of

the Customs for the Year 1801, the General Account Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

for that Year cannot be completed. i^th May 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 76.)

140 Mail.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Profit and Loss on all EXCHEQUER BILLS; distinguishing those issued under each

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, May 1802.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT in England, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues of the Crown, enjoyed by his late can be made up; distinguishing each Year; and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained of the Monies granted by Parliament, during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts; and the Difference to the Public

Appendix,

(No. 76.)

14* Maii.

j

Sum brought to Account Annually, pursuant to Ad 12th Geo. 11. in lieu of a Duty on certain Yarn imported from Ireland. Smaller Branches of the Hereditary Revenue. TOTAL of His Majesty'* Temporary and Hereditary Revenue. Amount of the ANNUITY received by His Ma j bst y, and of the Monies granted by Parliament for the Discharge of the Civil List Debt, in the Years under-mentioned:

( AN NUITY. FEES from Suppressed Offices. GRANTS to discharge Arrears of Civil List Debts. TOTAL. — >

/ f. d. / J. 1 £ /. d. £ £. s. J. £ J- £. d.

2.388 4 11 1 14,8o| 12 6 i,oj7'574 12 ioJ 1777 900,000 6,8,340 9 6| 1,518,340 9 6*

2.388 4 I. 153,511 *S 1 1,033,283 — 1778 900,000 - - 900,000

2,3* 4 11 116,3X7 13 2 ! 1.024,367 3 1779 900,000 - - 900,000 — —

2,388 4 m 9°>5 17 ioJ ,076,704 12 9 1780 900,000 - - 900,000 — —

2,3 v8 4 11 9';,olo 17 9i 1,009.098 1 1781 900,000 - - 900,000 — —

2.388 4 11 6+ 54* IS if 1/530,9:2 16 1782 900,000 - - 900,000 _ —

2.3 s 8 4 i» S7.r«5 3 9 978.660 *7 3 ,783 900,000 - - 9OO.OOOO — —

2,388 4 11 5 ;.io t 3 Si ! 1,046,802 17 7i 1784 900,000 1,800 60,000 — — 961,800 — —

2,38 s 4 n 3 *'83 13 ,l* 1 1,122,186 9 if ,785 900,000 3,622 8 10 - 903,622 8 10

2,388 4 *» 33.817 12 i«i i.o73>73° *5 5i 1786 900,000 4*694 5 >°i 210,000 — 1,114,694 S 1 of

2.388 4 1* lO.to; 17 11 1,263,563 — 5i 17S7 900,000 600 — — - 900,600

2,3^8 4 ll 23,13; 8 *1 1,205,995 2 21 17^8 900,000 3»3* 5 - 9°3»315 — _

2.388 4 1* 23 4-0 3 2 1,1)0,322 IO 4 1789 900,000 2,764,2 31 - 902,764 12 3a

2,3*8 4 »! Irf.Jjl 8 1.395.525 IO 41 1790 900,000 3,460 2 / 903,460 2 H

2,308 4 »* 37*l73 — 6 i*37'*557 14 I 1791 900,000 1,400 901,400 — —

2,388 4 * 20,;cg 6 10 i»43,»67i 19 — i 1792 900, COO 7,88l l6 9 { - 907,881 16 9l

2,388 4 11 16 719 *S 5 ,386.169 12 7f *793 900,000 936 4f - 900,936 2 A*

a. 388 4 30,568 9 21 1,380.600 9 14 >794 900,000 2,500 — - 902,500 —

2,388 4 1* *4.883 7 7\ i,3'i4.*K7 19 >795 900,000 ' - 900,000 — —

2,388 4 10,9.4 12 3 1.490,877 2 10 >796 900,0c 0 3O, X09 17 2 - 930,109 17 2

2.3^8 4 11 *7 6*8 2 1 l.34°»4>6 3 >797 900, coo 38,675 I 2 - 938.675 1 2

2,3*8 4 I. 5‘.I79 11 10 i.S*'*347 10 6 _ I >798 900,000 16,990 11 — - 916.9^0 11 —

2.388 4 n 39.184 10 -i ,780,178 2 >'i >799 900,000 28,025 7 5 - 928,025 7 5

2,3 8 4 n S6*539 6 7 1,581,031 12 4 { 1800 900,000 19.560 6 8 - 919,560 6 8

— 1801 — —

7 >'7 18 — 1,247.162 s 5i 30,253.885 17 10 - 21,600,000 166,335,2 3f 888,340 9 6{ 22,654 676 1 9i

N.B. Exclusive of the Grants and Payments stated in the above

Account, in Aid of the Income of the Civil List, Sums have I r been, transferred from the 4£-per-Centum Revenue to the l72>°°°

/ N, Vdfljittdrt. Civil List Account, within this Period, to the Amount of - J =

Act of Parliament, with the Dates thereto; from January 1800, to the latest Period the same can be made up.

Appendix, (No. 76.) 14* Adaii*

N. Vansittart.

Vol. 57.

11 E

Appendix, (No. 77.) 14* M

A LIST of all the English-built Ships in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England Trading to The East Indies* on the ift January 1801; Specifying the Names* and actual Tonnage of each; and the \cars in which they were respectively built.

SHIPS NAMES.

REGULAR SHIPS:

Lord Camden Duke of Montrose -Fort William Worcester -

Phoenix -

Lord WaUingham Hawke -Henry Dundas lord Hawkefbory Prince William Henry -Airly Cattle -Albion -Bod dam,

Carnatic -

Duke of Buccleugh Lord Thurlo.v True Briton Alfred . Woodford -Canton -

Taunton Cattle Brunswick -Bombay Cattle Exeter

Earl Howe -

Cirencester

Acnitton

Princess Charlotte -

Royal Charlotte -

Cuffheljs

Thames

Glatton

Walmer Cattle

Sir Stephen Lushington

Earl Spencer

Earl of Abergavenny

Hindottan

Hope -Warley Ear! Talbot -Ganges

Ceres -

Coutts

Neptune

Admiral Gardner -Fretton Asia - -Dover Cattle Walpole Lord Duncan Calcutta Charlton Walthanpftow ' Earl St. Vincent Lady Surges Marquis Wellesley Loed Nelfoa

Hugh Inglis

Bengal -

Cattle Eden - »

City of London

Lady Jane Dundas

Dorfctftiire - #

Actual Tonn.gr.

1,468

671 . 819

Year built.

775 >78j

762 1784

798 178;

798 178;

800 i78j

559 1785

799 1786

802 1786

803 1787

803 1787

8.J 1787

96I 1787

1,021 1787

1,169 1787

1,182 1788

805 1789

1,209 79®

1,221 1790

1,206 1790

1,209 >79®

1,209 1790

r*44 >79*

G254 >79*

1,265 . >79*

876 >794

M39 >794

*.433 >794

610 >795

1 >453 >795

-1,429 >795

M3* >795

i*43z >795

1,460 >795

60S >795

644 >795

1,460 1796

1,463 1796

>>47i 1796

1,460 1796

1,428 1796

J.J02 1796

1,430 1796

1 »451 1 1796

1796

1796

7 9* 1798

826 >798

8*3 >798

83O >798

8l9 1 ‘79s

8l8 I >799

824 I >799

8l8 I >799

821 >79

8iS I >799

619 >799

821 / >799

818 1 >799

818 >799

820 1 1 >799;

826 1800

1,201 / 1809

EXTRA

Lift of the English-boilt Ships Trading to the East Indies — continued*

SHIPS NAMES. Actual Tonnage. Year built.

EXTRA SHIPS: 798 1785

Melville Castle ----- - 806 1786

462 >795

Tcllichcrry ----- -- 465 " 1796

T ravers ----- -- 576 1800

Herculean m m 608 1800

Shelton Castle ----- - 583 1800

Georgians (Packet) . a 285 795

Earl of Mornington (D°) - - - . ‘799

N.B. — The following Regular Ships were building for the East India Company's Service, on the ift January 1801:

1 Ship of 1,200 Tons.

1 DJ - - - D#

1 D* D#

1 D* - - - I>

James Cogga?:y 1

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping.

EalT India ffoufe, 7 ii;h May 1802. )

Appendix, (No. 77.; 140 Maii,

continued.

A LIST of Ships and Vessels* not British-built, in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England

Trading to The East Indies, on the ift January 1801.

SHIPS NAMES. Altual Tonnage Year built#

Britannia - -- - 770 ‘775

Sir Edward Hughes - -- -- - 9S7 00 VO

Swallow (Packet) - -- 345 ‘.77*

— The above are the only Ships, not British-builr, employed in the East India Company's Service, to and from

India. The Tonnage of those employed in the Company's Service in India, and by Individuals, to and from India, cannot at present be ascertained*

East India House, 7 22th May 1802. i

James Coggan5

Clerk to the Committee of Shipping.

Vot* 57*

?32

Appendix.

A. 1802.;

Appendix, (No. 7S.)

190 M

Aw ACCOUNT of the Quantity and Valub of MAHOGANY, and also of LOGWOOD, ani ~

Didinguishing the Years, and ih:

1

1788: 8 1789: 179°: 1791: *79*: >793: 1 >7*

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. 1 Value, Quantity.

f Redwood .'MARX } L Ebony Toni. c. qr. lb. C .» Tens. c. qr. lb. £. 1. Tons. c. qr. lb. £. 1. i. Toni. c. qr. lb. £. i. Toni. c. qr. lb. £. Tuns. c. qr. lb. £- '! 1 Toni. c. qr. ib.

rSSIA Fuflic - m 4. - - 0. 3. 0. c

" B rax id - . - - . - - - 1 - - 1

B-azicllctto - - - - - - - 1

Fuftic - - - 4* 0. 0. 0 36 . _ - -

1 Lignum Vit* - - - > - - - - "

Logwood - - - - 6. 0. 0. 0 7» ——

Mahogany - - - - 1

Nicoragua - - , - 1 1

Redwood ——

Braaiel _ _ - -

Brazielletto - - - m - -

Ful^ic - - 21. O. 0. O X89 - m - -

Lignum Vi* - - O. O. 2. O — 1 8 ——

Logwood - 0. 0. 3. 16 — 10 8 - -

Mah gany 0. 0. I. 18 — 3 3 - - O. 2. 2. 22. x i 6 — - —

Nicoragua ——

Redwood - - - - - 7 - -

a 19. 1. 11 8 14 1 - 7. 0. 0. 0 63 — — . _ ——

Lignum Vit* - - I. 0. O. O 4 15 -

Logwood - - - 30. IO. 3. 25 366 xi 7 — — — ' - —

Mahogany - - - - 0. 3. 0. 0 1 4 - —

Nicoragua - - - - 15. 0. O. 0 J50 - — —

Braz'd - 128. 0. 1. 0 u,54° 13 9 9. O. O. O 495 160. 9. O. 5 8,824 17 5 176. 3. 1. 21 9*563 7 6 1 37. 10. c. 0 2,078 19 11 8. 1. 1. 5 443 11 2 -

D r a < icl let to - - - 48. 2. 3. O 336 19 2 0. 2. I. 8 - 16 3 1. 16. 0. 18 12 13 1 —

Ebony - - / - - 1. 2. I. l8 18 9 9 - - - - , - 1 - - i - -

Fuftic - 11. 14. 1. 14 lo5 9 4 - - - 6. 19. 1. 16 62 14 6 - 0. 0. 3. 24 - s 7 -

Logwood - - - 0. X. 2. 21 , — 3. 68. 6. 1. 24 219 17 6 1 -

*. M thogany - O. 4. J. 26 x 19 10 -

' Bracicl - . - - - I. 5. 3. c 70 2 6 6. 0. 2. 21 33» 17 8 —

Braxidletto 13. 0. 0. 0 91 - - - 19. 16 3. 6 ij8 17 6 14. 14. 0. 20 103 5 3 1. 0. 0. 0 7 —

C am wood - -

j Furtic - 68. 13. 1. 21 618 — XI 41. I5.O.4 375 15 3 2. 7. 3. 13 21 10 9 5. 10. 1. 19 49 >3 s - - 15 10. 2. 11 139 *5 3 12. IO. 2~:

Lignum Vit* 57. 4. 3. *c 271 18 7 5. 6. 2. 6 25 6 1 - _

Logwood - - 479. 18. i 8 5.75s »9 10 1,183.2.3. 1. i*b»97 *4 4 34$. 0. 0. 2 4,140 — 2 756. 10. 3. 19 9,057 5 XI 362. 4. O. 20 4,346 10 1 iox. 4. 0. 12. c.614 9 3 501. 17. 2. 1 I

Mahogany 17 9 3 19 *39 *9 4 13. 3. 0. 18 105 5 2 I. 7. 2. 3 11 — 2 ——

Nicoragua - - 0. 8. 0. 0 4-- - 0. 18. 0. 4 9 — 7 i;. 19. 2. 0 179 15 — 21. 13. 3. 27. 216 19 xo —

tEirHTS ff.fllc . nl J RALTAR l Logwood 15. 0. 0. 0 135 4. 0. 0. 0 36 - -

' Brazicl - 0. 15. 0. 0 4i 5 — - - - 5. 13. 3. 21. 313 6 6 — — —

E>o n y - - - - 0. S. 2. 3 4 11 2 ——

Fu:>ic - - j - 203. 9 3. 3 1,831 7 6 133. 1. 1.6. I >1*J 2 11 8 60. 16. 0. 3 547 4 2 73- *3- i*6 662 19 7 J 55. II. 0. 22. 500 — 6 5-. 15.2. 3 5*9 *9 1 6 57. 19. i It

Logwood - - - - l6. 0. 2. l6 192 7 8 —

L'gnum Vit* - - - - 1

.Redwood - - - m -

ki:y — Funic - 17. 4. c. |( *54 17 3 26. 9. 1. 11. j;S 4 1 68. 8. 2. 0 615 16 6 8. 7. 1. 7 75 5 8 - - - - 3 4* c. u

\ 1

42 Geo. III. Appendix. 93

other Dtine Woods, Imported into GREAT BRITAIN, in the several Years, from 17S7 to 180k, inclusive i Countries from which the same were Imported.

Append i: (No. 78. i g° Mail

JL

per.dix. No. 78.]

Account of the Quantity and Value of Mahogany, and also of Logwood,

CO CO 1789: 179°: 1791: 1792: 793: 1 7

Quantity, Value. j Quantity. V-lue. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity.

- Ton*, c qr. lb £ d.; Tow*, c. <jr. lb £ * i Ton*, c. qr. lb. £ i Tons. c. qr lb. £ d. Tons. c. qr. 11 £. ,. d. Ton*, c. qr. lb £ 1. d Tom. c. qr. lb.

BrJjir letto - - - 0. I. 3. 15 5 3 7 - - - - 5. 14. 3. 16

Fu.llc - - 9. 10. 1. 6 Sj 11 8 1 0. 7. 3- 0 J 9 9 - - - - 3. 7. 1. 27 3° 7 4 -

Lignum Vit* - - - - 6. 19. 2. 4

Lgwood - - - " - - - 25.15.1.9 3°9 3 11 -

Mahogany - - 23. 7. 0. 26 186 17 10 - - - 0. IO* 0. 0 4 -

Nicoragu* - - 1. 17.1. 14

[XeJwrrod - -

NSIyS"*1 id \ LV: ^'tnum -

Vit* ~ " 20. 0. O. O 95 — — ""

B xi el - - Biazid'etto - 161.3.13 1.3- 21. 10. 1. 24 150 18 6 1 0. 18. 3. 10 6 11 10 - - - - *

Ebony - - - . >» -

F u tl c - - - 220. 15. 3. 6 1,987 2 1 129. 16. 3. 9 1,158 15 10 - - 12. 18. 0. 15

Li;n»m Vitae - - 71. a. 1. 0 335 8 169. 0. 1. 25 Soa 2 2 53. IO. I. 26 254 5 10 - - - - m ft

l.ogAOOJ - - - - 119 4. 3. 3 1,405 17 5 183. 0, 0. 2 2,156 17 3 207. 2. I. l6 1,485 8 7 - - - - ♦

Mih'gany - - >5* 6- '3 42 39 8 1 257. 6. 1. 6 2,05s 10 4 286. I I. 2. 8 2,292 12 6 -

Nicoragua - - 716. 18. 3. 7 7,269 8 1 276. 0. 0. 0 2,760 - - - - m m

ReJwo'.d - - - - 9. 9. I. 26 378 19 2 - -

Braziel - - 10. 0. 0. 0 550 0*

BraziJIctto - - - 165. 6. 1. 24 1,031 11 3 23. 6. 3. 19 i«3 8 5 II. 12. 2. 3 81 7 8 29. 14. 3. 13 ic8 4 — 26. 6. 0. 17 178 3 — 30.15.1.27. 215 TO I 8. 15 3. 14

Ebony - - 7. 0. 0. 0 115 10 — > I. O. O. O. l6 IO — - 6. 11. 1. 22 108 8 10 14.6.3.14 236 13 5 5.13.0.19 93 7 3 -

Fuftic - - - - 51. 16. 0. 10 466 4 9 28. I9. J. II 260 18 7 II. 4. 1. 25 101 2 — 36. 11. 0. 18 329 — 4 104. 18. 1. 6 849 4 8 209. II. 2. 18 r,886 4 10 347.18. 3. 17

L:gnum Vine - - 308 19. 0. 19 M59 >5 7 223. 18. 0. 6 1,063 10 9 I34. I9.O.25 636 6 9 367. 10. 0. 1 1,701 19 4 123. 4. 2. 8 585 6 7 119. 13. 1. 8 551 18 2 66. 16. 1. 8

Logwood - - - 235. 1. 1.14 2,820 17 6 54. 4- 3- *4 650 19 6 6l. 14. O. 4 724 8 1 53. 11.1. 17 642 19 9 26. 2. o, 16 3i3 5 8 I. 9. 0. 21 17 10 3 208. 1. 3. 14

Mahogany - - 615. 1. 2. 13 4,968 8 4 1,043.10.1.15 8>348 3 — 289. 8. 1. 3 2,563 6 7 1^3. 13. 2. n 1,703 8 8 371. 1. 0. 11 3.394 13 — 433* 19 *x8 4>3°5 5 7 170. 4. 3. IC

Nicoragua - 59. 0. 0. 0 59° 1. 0. 0. 0 10 — e — - - 12. 12. 3. 12 126 8 6 0. 15. 1. 12 7 ij 6 - - 26. 8. 1. 11

Bra/iel - - - - 28. 1. 0 18 *>543 8 9 - - 23. 0.0. 0 1,265 ——

Brua'cKctto - - - 53 3- 37* 3 3 15. 1. 3- 3 175 12 5 21. 13. 0. 5 151 11 3 18. 14. I. 17 131 1 3 8. ri. 3. 27 49 2 9 - - 9. 10. 1. 27

Camwood - - - - „ - - 0. 12. 1. 7 4186 ——

Ebony - - - 335. 7. 3. 16 5,490 — — j 698. 16. 0. 5 11,467 6 4 555- 5-2- 17 9,148 2 11 287. II. I. 16 4,684 17 1 93. 0. 3. 8 1,491 2 8 44* 1. 3- 4 5^3 9 5 16. 18. 3. 0

F u rt i c - - 2>744- 9- *; 24»479 11 10 j1»573- 1. 3 *7 13,926 10 2 1,262. a. 1. 24 11>275 *4 5 3,505. 16.3.26 31,386 18 3 4,168.14.2.15 36,350 — 3 3,619. 7. 1. 8 31,419 10 4 2,571.16. i.ifc

Lignum Vitje - - 1,107. 18.0.23 5,215 1 1* 877. 17. 3. 21 4,103 10 1 577. 8. 3. 11 *>703 13 1 426. 17. 3. 15 2,000 13 11 174. 13. 3.12 S06 5 8 122. 16. 3. 10 559 4 1 44. 6. 0. 26

- - - 4>5'4 *3 1 7 i3»3 3 12 4 *825 17- i- 1 5MS3 5 > 3,789. 10. 1. 1 45»*56 3 9 3,904.1. I. 22 44,691 18 1 3,746. 9. 2. 1 44,110 13 11 1,645. 15- 0. 7 18,854 1 8 1 IC58*4 i- *

M-h gr.y - - - 7,654. 17. 0.1 S 18,583 iS 4 6,275. 5- 3- 17 65,642 l6 9 3,199. 6. 3. s 35»79l 5 1 3,897.15.3.27 41,681 17 11 1,484.19.2. n 17,683 13 10 i»932* 5- o. 3 2<M77 7 5 1,343- iS-o-"

Nic.-ajm - - 955 5* 12 7 233. 11. 0. 27 2>335 12 4 382. 4. >. 4 3,822 2 10 542- 8. 3. 13 5,414 8 4 377. 14.0.17 3,777 — 6 619. 18. 1. 3 6,174 5 3 381. 15 1.9

Kcua' 1juJ - 76. 1* 3. 14 3.e6x 15 — 7. c. 0. 0 280 — — 25. O. O. O. 1,000 — — 115. 3. 0. 27 4.055 19 5 12.1. 2. 24 4S3 8 6 — — —

Fu-i c - 131. 11. 1. 2:

I.;g<:m Vine - - 8. 15. 2.2

L a jod - 16. 18. c. 19

Maio^tny - - - 114. 4. 1. 0

S.ccragu* - - - 26. 5. a 11

B.azid - - - - .

EraiicKct'o - - - 167. 16. 1. 17 1,174 H 9 ' ——

Fu.Kc - - - - 539. 9. 0. 3 4,855 1 2 958. 7. 1. 23 S,9?5 6 11 III. 11. 2. 11 948 4 8 502. 19. 2. 11 4,135 16 6 1,057. 9. 0. 25 9,392 2 10 701. 17. 2. 21 6,316 19 — 1 278. 19. 3.12

L*^.v m Vi;* - - 420. 15. 1. 3 1 »97 5 3 i° 341. 16. 3. 4 1,728 9 8 690. I. I. 26 3*i99 17 5 309. 16. 1.12 1.4*3 55- 9- 3- 17 259 9 6 51. 5. 0. 7 243 8 11 49. 12. 0. 1?

L' j.v icj - - - ICO, 0. 0. 0 Moo 308. 3. O. 2 3.697 16 549. 18. I. 19 4»*99 — 370. 16. 0. 2 3 4.449 14 5 214. 8. 3. 18 2,573 6 10 - - 415- 15-2 *,

M.-h.'gjny - - 223. 18. 0. 0 >,79* 4 — 393- 8. 3- 27 3,147 11 10 478. 14. 3. 25 7,981 6 7 15^. 4. 0. 0 1,265 12 — 697. 10. 2. 3 12,512 9 1 328. 9. 2. 24 3>4°7 17 7 74 H* i- *5

S ^oraj it - - - 9 6. c. 21 93 1 10 17. 2. 3. 0 171 7 6 96. 9. a. 19 923 16 7 76. 10. 1. 4 765 1 10 3. 11. 0. 20

..b ny - - - 5. 0. 0. 0 $2 10 — — — !

F-.Lc - - - - 92. 6. 0. 19 817 11 11 - 1;. 10. 0. c 157 10 — 313 8 0. 3 2,820 11 11 467. 11. c. 15 4,200 10 I 3IO. 15. O. 2C 2,778 13 11 ' i61. 18. 3. r

L',t um Vi - 12. 18. I. 15 61 7 3 71. 0. 0. 0 639 — — — . - —

L - - - 1,751. 13.2.1 - ic,74o 3 — r 2,c6S. 4. 1. 0 24,816 14 — 1,616 4. 0. 2; 19,280 6 6 717 6. c. 17 5.35° 3 9 1,148. 18.2. 9 13,492 1 II 684. 3 O. I8 8,106 2 10 7-3* 6 2. 4

"*j' t^y - - - :3,;i4.: 1.0.4 195,176 10 — I ,10,147.19 I.C 81,183 14 — >,524. 3. 1. iS ' 78,928 8 1 3,752. 0. 0. 7 40,923 7 —; 45,963 IO 2 4,017. 5- 1. IJ 35,375 5 7 2^67.12. 2,

N.- I«6J* - - - j i,oco. 0. 0. 0 i 10 , 1 I - 1 1 7 19 * -5 79 17 i, 1 |‘t,932- iS-2. 19 1 — i — —

and other Dy'tfig Woods, Imported into Great Britain — *continued.

[Appendix, N\ 78.

Value.

1$ 16 3

1795 *

1796-.

17 9 71

1798:

1799:

I $00:

Quantity.

Tons. c. qr. lb. £. x. d. Tons. c. qr. lb. £m x. H.

Value.

Quantity.

Value.

Quantity.

Value. Quantity.

Value.

Quantity.

Value.

Quantity. Value.

3.18.3.19 3510 2 17.7.0.16 156 4 3 6.15.0.4

116 3 ‘5- o. *. 1 US 4 6

61 n 1 ° 5- 6

17. 4. 3. 6 206 17 7

1 17 1

15. 6. 1. 9 842 8 2

jTons. c. qr. lb. £ x. d. [ Tons. c. qr. lb. 4. 10. 1. 7

i3. 15. 2. 7 169 — — 1

1. 8. 1. 1

23 6 3

275. 2. 2. 24

295. 12. 2. 2

4. 5. 3. 14

42 18 9

C 1,973 17-0 0

I tc 20,00c

I&65.15.L.15

66 13 5 3- l6- 3-22 26 i* 7

11. 11. 2. 13 1,668. 19. 3. 9 5. 19. o. 2

J 180.3. 1. 16 \Sc 29,694 Ft.

3,215. 1. 2. 1 f 31,169! Ft.

uSSt 220.11.0.22

331.18.1.3

52. 8. o.- 18 783. 11. 3. 2 87. 15. 2. 17 5,126.16.1.24

12. o. o. 23

37. 39. 2. O I3.I5. O.25

£. x. d. j Tons. c. qr, lb. £. x. d. Tons. <r. qr. IF £ *

1. 19. 2. 14

79 5 -

o. 2. 1. 17

4. II. o. 15

31 4 10

84 1 4

50. o. 3. 27 157. 8. 1.4 986. 5. o. 27 f,6io. 13.0.15 1 21. 15. 3.17

30 7 8 j 2. 18. 2.27 20 II 2

21 8 6

1,366 7 7 '2,026. 14. 1. iJi7,8o8 18 3

l8oi:

Quantity.

6 11 — —

418 14 4 329.6. 3.21 j 1439 13 9

13,426 — 2 I 3,318. 19.2.14 38,819 19 — .

Value. I

2469.12.3.2121,090 6 9 48. 11.2. 5 I 485 15 s 40. 15. o. 24 1,630 8 6

37.3.0.16 260 1 11 102.10.1.3 717 i*

751. 3. 2. 14'8,648 18 3

711 16 7 1 375* »7-i« 2$ 3494 9 9'

46 — 9 1 6. 5. 2. 2

62 15 2

3,329 2 8 311. 7. 2.19

56. 11. 3. 9 509 6 4

21. 1. 1. 7

913 14 — 262 10 11

J 5,000 Feet { St 40. I. 0.0

8. 1. 2. 19

42 8 6

13. 5. 3. 26 93 in

o. 3. 2* 9 I 91611 29.6.3.27 163 8 11 I 51.13.3.8 348 11

4,862.8.3.2357,115 12 4

17. o. 2. 21 3,501. 2. 3. 201

'4,605.19.0.2740,586 12 II

483. O. 1. 9 219. 4. I. O

5*703 5 5 2,192 2 5

172 — 7

13- - J

TV

12,268 15 8 4T7. 16. 2. 2 3.5J5 7 220. 0. i. 18 *>930 3 5

23S 12 9 - - 6. 14. 0. 14 27 14 6

4,989 6 3 403.17. 1. 0 4,846 6 it 82. x6. 1. 1 993 *5 1

1,085 5 8 57,169 I F«i '4,4*5 7 4 5 290. 2. 2. 15 3o,9iiFt. c*-> + 0 00 *

35 n 9 71. l8. O: IO 719 — 10 19. 16. 0. 1 198 — I

*>439 *9 8 14. 16. 1. 3 133 6 5: - -

8,064 1 $ 5 391.3.1.6 4,693 19 6 1891. 12. 0. 20 10,529 6 1

133,009 17 1 S 351.*'7t Ft. 246.IO.O.O *5>2,7 *3 11 js 1,591.8.1.5 I St I2, COoFt. 15,1131311'

- I 1! 1

1,066 % 4 1,038 15 5

125.3. 1.13 i,t*6 10 3 54* 1 486 13 7

12. 1. 3. 4 342. 4.2. 26

H5 1 5 *>737 *7 9

8. n. 3. n 160.16.1.26

103 2 2 1,286 11 10

27. 3. 3. 26

997. 16. 3. 16

3,1170.7. 2.8

11,974 1 160.12.3.23

26,163 — 5 i* 550. 17.0. 10

4*. 13- 3*2* 226 4 7

7,315. 0. 2.9 54,854 *4 9

717. 13. 1.14 7,161 9 1

353- 5- 2- 4 3>4*2 5 7

- —

344. 19. 1. 19 2,998 18 2

32. 12. 0.4 148 5 5

1. 19. 1. 4 »3 11 5 1

94. 14. 2. 10 757 16 *

0. 3. 3. 10 1 18 4

683. 18. 3. 3 5,979 16 ir

10. 5.0. 5 4° 5 7

45* x9- o- 551 *-

605.13. 0. 4 5,295 4 6

49. 4.1. 21 49* 4 4

j Z8.5.1.4 254 7 6

|; — —

*87.4. 3-5 5 3*446 *9 5

140. 10. i- 26 5,855.2.2.5 12,029.14.0,2 s 168. 17. 2. 25

*>043- 3* o. o 8,980 4 10

1,881.15.0. 13 20,9^9 16

178. 7. o, 9 i,7?3 10

2,683 9 4 21 19 9

I, IOI. 7. 2. 20 264.9.0. IX 36. 18.0. II

836. X. I. 8 20. 10. 3. 8

o. 19. 3. 8 14. II. 0. 13

12. o. o. O 100. o. o. o

298 ' J

155. 14. I. 4 1,658 8 — 233- >3* 2- 7

4,406 16 8 j 1,033.4. 3.3 8,265 18 1 11,288 10.3.14 14,805 5 6 1,683.9 3.2

VOL. 57.

'1

Appendix.

A. 1802.

ppmdix, No. 78.]

Account of the Quantity and Value of Mahogany, and slfo of Logwood,

1788: 1789: 1790:

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value.

Toni. c. «jr. lb £* ' Tons. c. qr. lb £ ' d. Ton?, c. qr. lb. £ *- d.

f Logwood IBAij 8c. 0. 0. 0 960-- 82. 0. 0. 0 9S4 — — 0 6 6 00 336 — —

£ Mahogany " ao» 0. 0. 0 160 — 3a 0. 0. 0 240 ——

i — Redwood -

rW f Mahogany - _ .

.ANDi ^Bl„;e, - - 58. 0. 0. 28 3,190 s IC — -

Camwood 335- »« *7 2,686 12 2 59. 3. a. a 473 1 57. 0. a. 15 456 s —

Braziel ——

Fbony - - Il6. 9. I. O 2,086 la 7 58. 14. 0. 21 968 14 1 7. 10. 1. 18 *4 1 9

Lignum Vit® -

Mahogany - 1. 0. 0. 0 8 — — O. I. 3. 23 — >5 6

Redwood - - S30. a. 3. 3 33»*°5 — 1,15a. 17.115 46,115 8 11 253. 18. 0. 9 10,156 } 2

Logwood - - - _

Nicoragua -

‘Braaicl - - .

Camwood _

Fbony - .

Turtle - - - - .

Lignum Vitae - *

Logwood - - - _

Mahogany . "

Nicoragua '

Redwood - - 1 ' I -

-J L

1791: *79*: 1793: 1 — — d

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity.

Tons. c. qr. lb. £ Tons. c. qr. lb. £. 4 Tons. c. qr. lb. Tons, c qt. lb

48.11.3.14 5*3 6 6. ia. 0. 9 79 4 11 - - 23. 0. 3. it

* m 1

_ i. 7. a. 0

— — — — w — —

4. 3. a. la 33 8 9 189. 12. ±. 26 i >5*7 9 8. 4. 3. 7 65 x8 6 0. 20. 1. 7

- - 5. 11. j. 6 90 11 9 - 1. o. a. 17

- - j O. I7. I. O 6 18 —

226. 12. 0. 2 9,064 — 4 575. It. 1.26 J m 23,02a 19 2 1,274-16.0. 6 act,19* S 1 246. 14. v i m m

- % m - - m m 1 I [1 m m

- - - - 6. 10. 1. 25 58 14 9 3*- $ *1

- - - - a. 17. 3. 10 *3 14 9 1 *

- - - - I *9- 9- * 7

- - 8. 3. 3. j6 65 11 1 1 0. a. 3. a,

- - - - LII

B R A Z I E L. j

Quantity. V*luo.

Ton), c. qr. lb. £.. 4

256. 16. 1. 1S1 I '4.115 a 6

C7. c. 0. 18 )-S3$ 10

1S3 9- 0. 5 I ,c>c*9 i-j j

176. 3. I. 21 S-Sf'3 7 6,

4V 15. a. a 1 M61 8 n

24. 1. 3. 26 '3*5 8 1,

15 8. 1. 10 *4* 12 +

62. 8. 3. 12 3.434 7 -

36. 6. 0. 17 ',596 i( 2

18.5.3.17 1,556 9 4,

1: 50. 11. a. ia 7*^4 *a nj

16S. O. O* 11 9*40 5 2

5:5- 9- 3 :3>S)i J J 1

BR AZTELLETTO.

Quantity.

Tam. C. qr. lb. £ s.

247« 12. 2. 27 1*607 15

*37. 15. a. 7 *,664 14

34- 4- 1. 18 *39 *°

>6. 10. 3. 5 S20 5

49- 14- 2. 16 331 7

33* 11* 3. 17 *35 3

*4- 1. 1. 1 j63 g

4- a. u 0 28 15

3- 7- 1. 7 *3 U

25* 6. 0. 21 >77 3

4*» 9* 2. 4 184 7

67- 0. a. a5 *»°5* 5

III. 16, ), 22 776 11

:i2* 14- 0. ,8 *5* 1*

Value.

d.

CAMWOOD.

Quantity. Value.

Tons. c. qr. lb £ 4

>35- 16. 1. 17 a,686 11 2

59* 3- * 473 t

57* 0. a. 15 456 5 —

4- >5- 3* 19 33 7 3

1 iSg. 12. 2. 26 *>S*7 1 9

00 > 65 i3 6

1 0. ia 1. 7 4 C

; - -

70. 8. ©. 16 563 5 —

30. 4. a. 19 *4* 13 4

U9. 4. i.*» 953 15:

1 54* * 0. 4 439 4 3

1 77- 7- *. 6 619 — £ =B=TOp__

ABSTRACT OF THE

EBONY.

Quantity.

Value.

Tons. c. qr. lb.

759. it. a. 26 56a. 16. o. 7 294. 8. 1.13 117. (9. a. o 49. 14* 3- *3

17* 19* * 17 17. 18. o. o 57. 19* 3- *4 79* * 3* *7 140. a. 3. 3 21. 18. a. 13 140. 4. 3. 19 192. o. c. 22

£ ' 7,69a 1

22,47 2 — 9>*7* 4 4*797 17 2,900 27 656 16 296 20 *95 6 956 17 «,3i4 1,304 — 37* 7

»>73* 17 3.»64 *

FUSTIC. LIGNUM VITjE. LOGWOOD.

Quantity. Value. Quantity* Value. Quantity.

Tons. c. qr. lb. £ t. d. Tons. c. qr. lb. £ a. 4 Tons* c. qr. lb. i. i

3»995- 7- 3 »4 35.73) *4 6 1,978. 8. 1. a 9,3*8 *5 3 7,380. xa. 1. ia *7*° i

3»oi7. 3- 3- 11 26,910 21 3 1,648. 14. i. 15 7*8*3 5 \ 8,814. * °* 7 104,936; 7

>»548. x. 9. 8 >3*79* *7 — 1,476. 0. o- 5 6,889 3 1 6,397. 9. 1. 4 76,311 S

4*466. 6. 3. 6 39»460 5 21 1,104. 4* 1. 0 5>*5 *3 3 5,851. 19. 1. 0 67.775 4<

5,854. 5. 1. *3 5,»79* 6 11 353. 8. 1. 9 1,651 1 9 5,504. 17. 0. 10 64,916 4

4,914. 15. 3.11 43*5° 4 4 *97- *3* 7 *>37* *9 2 3,24a. 13. 3.13 J7.9») ill

3,617. 15. 3.17 3*71 it 10 176. 9. 3. a 83* 16 11 3,756. 14. 1. ai 43,066 ij

1,393. 9* o- >7 11,*71 6 — 223. 13. a. 19 5s 7 9 6 4,812. 18. 0. 13 5«.J55 *♦

1,210. O. 3. 5 10,524 ia 2 i,77o* i« 0. 19 8,299 a 8 6,895. *9* * 10 *f.34« *4

947* 4* * 6 8,46a 10 1 589. 6. 1. a *749 *4 e 7,206.16. 2. 0 *4»°71 a

2,735. 19* 3- 7 24,864 10 5 380.9.3.5 *7*4 *9 i 5,420. 10. 0. act,956 I*)

5,685. 3.0. 25 48,560 18 5 29a. ia. 0. 11 1,356 *3 6 9,257. 0. a. 4 107,4*3 li

10,765. 14. 3. 19 94*533 10 9 1,450. 9. 0. ia 6,490 16 8 10,382. 14* a. 9 *>*3? f 1

3,411. 1. 2. 20 29,976 18 1 2,379. 5. 1. 11 1 *»c93 *4 9 7,4.82. 1. 3. 11 86,43a 5

Inspector General'! Office,7 Custum House, London, > 19th May iScj. J

jnd other P)irf Wo. cs, Irr*orted into Great Britain — cr.Uinu'd.

[Appendix, N® 7

y4: 1 7 9 5: — i 96: 17 97- 17 9s: I 7 9 9: 1S.00: 1801:

Vj'jc. Q iot ty. V <*lue. Qu *nt \. Value. Quantity. Value. ! Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Q^an*iry. V' alia

I 1. J r«»n., c. qr. lb. £ a. d. I ons c. qr. lb. £ d. Tons. c. qr. lb. r £ * Tons. c. qr. lb. £ *- J Tons. c. qr. lb. £ 1* d. Tons. c. qr. lb- £ * d. Tons. c. qr. It? £

; *6 10 10 j +. 7. 1. 3.65* 7 IC 133. 9. 2. 24 2,3c I 16 1 - - - - I*. 4. J. J 146 17 e _ - 140. 18. 0. 3 1,650 1

1 — — — j - — —

- - 23 19. 1. zC 958 >9 3 36. 6. 3. 26 M53 *9 3 - *- 39- 'J- J- 5 1,587 IX 9 6. 12. o* 15 264 8 4 16. 19. I. 19 678 16 S — —

" — 15 F et. — 11 3 1 1 — - 1 — — - — . — ——

— — — 1 - — —

4 2 6 - - f 59. 13. 1. 26 477 7 9 - - 30. 6. 2. 19 242 13 4 II9. 4. X. 22 953 *5 7 54. 18. 0. 4 439 4 3 43. 2. O. 20 344

- - - — - ! O. l6. 2* 20 45 17 3 — — — ~ ——

17 — 9 - - 3. 7. a 9 55 6 9 17- 3- 3- 14 283 13 11 24. 0. 3. 20 388 10 3 i* *7- x. 4 30 15 2 0. 10. 3. 19 9 — — 9. 9. 2. 13 *56

- - - - - I. 16. 3. IC 8

- - - - - - - 0. 8. j. 9 3 10 7 - - # — —

i 565 to 7 4*4- 10. I. 13 14 ( 347- *7 > 5 13,914 11 8 i 263. 8. c. 25 10,536 8 10 405. xo. 1.10 16,220 13 6 749- 5- 3 1 29,971 XO 2 1 1,316- 6- 3* P 52>653 .9 11 1,630. I. 0. 21 65,202

- - - 1 \ I. I. O. l8 12

- - 1 23. lo 1. 21 *35 4 4 - — - — 1 ——

- - 0. 6. 0. 0 16 xo — 0. 8. 0. 0 22

- - 19. 13. X. 5 *57

- - 6. 6. 1. 15 I ic4 5 4 - - 85. 26. 1. 9 i, S68 4 3 37. 5. 0. 5 614

344 8 7 0. 17 3. 14 t — K, 9. 8. 2. 19 1 84 17 11 5. 13- *1 5i 3 1 0> 2. I. 2 1 — 5 6. 17. 0. 22 61 14 9 6. 13. 0. 4 59 *7 3 132. 6. 0. 2 1,190

- - - - 3. 5- x. 22 15 *1 — - - - xo. 8. z. 4 49-xo 6 I 39. 10. 3. 19 i*7

3) J *4 9 1 30 0. 0. 6 360 — 3 39. 12. 1. 0 4*5 *6 jut. 14. 0.11 x»34o 9 2 s. 15. x. 18 33 4 2 13. 17. 0. x8 166 5 11 99. 16. 3. 14 1,198 s 1 5 83. 14. 3- x6 1,004

3 9 Jo. , 1.17 1 ! 1 St 5-i Icei J 3 10 11 6,3*9 F'rt- 239 11 0 48. 12. 1. 9 1 484 1 1 - 77- 3- *- xi 617 8 xo] 10. 0. 2. 22 80 5 6 1 126. 18. 2. 26 1,015

- - - - - 11. 15. 2. 27 117 17 1 - 0. x. a 25. x 2 2 34. 6. 3. xi 343 5 i. x8. 2. 16 19 6 1 5; — -

I I ' m m 9. 10. 3. 14 381 ij 17. 4. 2. 8 1 689 2 1 xc, 1 1 13- 9- 3* 27 539

- PRECEDING ACCOUNT.

MAHOCANV.

1 Quantity.

! Ton*. <. qr. lb

( 10,631. ti. 3. s;

18,640. 19. o. 1'

m* *

*,991-16. ». 1-

u -,486. ia. n

/ 6,711. 11. o. iS

1

4,171 4- * 9

Vilue.

j J <-4. to 3 16 i { it 691,50b fieri I J 1,9V*. 14.1 11| i i :4l.T47 *

I J 6,-ic. 3. I

i I k 00,000 fr*-t

1 iiT-3* 17. I. J* 4.C97- 1. 1.11 *,x6S. 1$. 3. ix 6,234. 11. I. xo

£ *.

155,146 9

rvr «i

H7, S«9 14 ®5-S*S 9 79.555 7 65.64* J

49,221 l6

| 65,n> t

( 55.516 7

| 59.65® *5 16,350 j

S5.* 9

77.768 9

59,060 4

N1CORAGUA.

Quantity.

Trans. c. «|r. )b. 1,741-4 o. 9 < 11. 19. o. 27 406. 10. 1. 2 5 5?r. 2. o. 26 19.. 18. 2. 20 3 718. 2. 3. 6 439- «3-o-9 436. 8. x. 25

4 it 397. 11. I. 8

334. 18.0. 19 1 6S- 3- i- *1 563. o. r. n 246. 4. Y. O

1 ;:x3. 11. x. 22

£ 17,412 —

5»u9 *

4.065 4

5,801 2

4.*94 S 7*5^ 7 4*399 — 4.34 4 3075 3>*4 651 xx 5»523 *» 2,448 — 2,230 14

REDWOOD.

Quantity.

Tor*, c. qr. lb. 906. 15. 2. 17

Value.

1,159. 17.2.15 278. 18. o. 9 341. 15. I. o 597. 1. 2. 10 1,279. 16. o. 6 246. 14. 1. 2 508. 9. 3. 11 4x3. 10. t>. o 269 xo. 2. 3 499. xx. 3. 26 S54. X5. I. 24 M51- 5- 3- 19 i!,759 14*0.11

t d.

36,267 6 — 46,395 ix 11,156 3 2 13,1x9 19 9 23,885 6 10 51,192 a 1 9,868 10 7

*°*339 13 9 16,541 19 9

ic,7Si — 11 19,983 19 1

34,190 28 — 58,05! 16 70,388 3 7

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of GUM SENEGA, CAMWOOD, E'BONY, and REDWOOD, Imported into Great Britain from Africa, in the Years 1790, 1791a 1792, an* *793*

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports an J Exports of Great Britain.

- GUM SENEGA. CAMWOOD, EBONT. REDWOOD;

Cwt. qr*. lbs. Tons. c. qr*. lbs. Tons. c. qr*. lbs. ' Tons. c. qr*. lbs.

1*90 - - 8,220. O. } S7- O. 2. 15 7. 10. 1. 18 253. l8. O. 9

1791 - - 5,941. 0. 18 4. 3. 2. 12 - 226. 12. O. t

*79* - - 3,148. 0. as 189. IX. 2. 26 5. 11. 3. 6 575. II. 1. *6

1793 - - 4,676. 3. X 8. 4. 3. 7 m m m 1,279. -6- 0.6

Inspector General's Office, *> Custom-House, London, V 18th May 180a. )

ff'" Irv,

In(£e&or General of the Imports ap4 Exports of Gnu Britain.

Voi 57.

*1 G

Appendix, (No. 78.) 19* Maiit

tmttmuid*

Aw ACCOUNT of the Quart it v of LINEN and HEMPEN YARN Imported into Great Bai 1 a in, for Ten Y ^s.

79*; 793 - 794: 7 9 5 -

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Val % e. Quantity. Value. Qujntity. Value.

0 Ibt. £ * d. lba. £ i. 4. lba. £ 4 lbs. X- 4

btNttfAKfc w

RUSSIA - 1 1,120 91 —

SWEDEN - .

POLAND . - */>34 5-16 9 716 3* 6 6 250,99* 2e,593 2 1 3CSOII 1,615 6

PRUSSIA - k. <M59»347 *00,43 5 >6 7 3,758,68a 168,173 5 8 3,497,5*1 '54.5*9 5 — 3,560,091 IS" G-1 1 1

GERMANY 3/382,128 169,831 9 8 3,054,81a 156,075 10 5 1,603,037 127,406 6 10 2,663,909 »S,/*0 *s S

HOLLAND a 45 1 19 — j - - - - *7 3 *6 1 - _

FLANDERS - m 799 34 >9 > 439 *9 4 2 *,39* 104 12 1 1 - - .

PRANCE - 160 la 5 — — i —

ITALY . 601 16 5 10 — — _

IRELAND - m 1,964^21 94»*74 3 *0 *,33*,^52 *>3.459 *7 5 *»*75»*57 76495 n 41 *>4°5 753 121,193 14 7

ISLE Of MAN - >6,5*6 7*5 9 *3,543 59* 10 1 7,563 550 17 7 17, U* 749 *0 6

Total m 9,514/160 465/161 17 8 9,161,955 438.390 5 — 7,636,908 379.3*3 >o 11 8,678^:77 414,997 *1 5

Inspector General* Office, CustonwHiufe, London, 18th May 1802.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Quantity of FLAX and HEMP, and 6f FLAX and HEMP SEED, Imported into Great Britain, for the

DENMARK.

Quantity*

Cwt. qr. lb.

164. 3. ao Bush-lu 280

Cwt. qr. lb. «8i. 3. 19 BuJbelt. 14,184

Cwt. qr. lb. 70. ©. o

*.333- V 5 BoJbr*. 968

Cwt. qp. lb. 4,795.1.26

9,179. s- 21

BuJbelt.

3,*24

C«t. ,f. lb. 755- * *4

»,ioi. a. 1.

Bolhels.

1,176

BuJbelt.

3®

Cwt. qr. lb. 4,181. 3. 16 BufHelt.

s *99

Value.

f. 4.

*5 3

xii —

154 i» *»595 *4

157 10

*>9*3 *4 xc8 18

10,177 11 7,801 18 43° 4

1,788. a. 17 5,150 5 10

2,684- * 17 2,281 19 —

Buibcli.

4* 5 8 —

Qm. Bush.

0. a — 7 6

Cwt. qr. lb.

1,973* * *3 4,315 *6 4

1*171* 0. 27 995 —

Bushel*.

>3-i 1 1,069 1*

1,633 11 — 1,786 5 10 459 *6 —

3 7 6

3,554 *3 aa 7 9

RUSSIA.

Quantity. Value.

Cwt. qr. lb. £ * d.

i82>3So. 1. 16 3<'»9°S ia 7

598,974 1 n 509,127 9 4

RuiheU

98^351 11,390 3 7

Cwt. qr. lb.

208,732. 0. 26 399,820 1 8

538,22c. 5.16 4$7»49*

Buinrb.

133.444 \ 16,110 6 6

Qis. Bulb*

17. 5* 26 11 —

Cwt. qr. lb.

265,825. 2. 0 5*4,047 *

567,458. 2. 1 482,33914 - 7

Bushels.

176,139 13.04* 9 9

Q^t. BuJb.

227. 0 34010 —

Cwt. qr. lb.

183,067* 3. 0 362,81614 2

559,798.0.25 475,818 9 4

Bushels.

318,064 { 39,368 2 —

Qrs. Bulb.

406. 6 613 17 3

Cwt. qr. lb.

218,217. 1. 2 456.381 >0 7

605,140.5.7 5 >4,369 >1 9

BuJbelt.

4*9,1001 56,576 ia 4

Qrs. Bush.

287. 4 470 5 —

Cwt. qr. lb.

151,377. I. 17 *93.5*4 6 10

473^49- > 401,601 l8 3

Bushels.

3*9,376t 3*.377 >5 9

Qrs. Bulb.

7- 4 '1 —

Cwt. qr. lb.

29i,o4i. 3. 11 570,303 2 9

643.430- 8- 3 546,916 3 1

BuJbelt.

434.164 t 56,048 8 2

Cwt. qr. lb.

343.,99- 0. 6 684,687 15 2

741.97* * *3 630,676 v6 —

Bushels.

497,041 i $7* *5 3

Cwt. qr. lb.

291,023. 3. Il S59»*«o 7 4

580,242. 2. 10 493,206 3 11

Buffielt.

609,456 I 72,608 6 7

Qrs. Bulb.

61. 7 92 16 3

Cwt. qr. lb.

>*3.94>- 3- 350,411 1 8

676,845. 2. 25 575*3*7 3 3

Bushels.

431.63* 50,265 6 —

Qrs. Bulb.

t. 6 - 1306

SWEDEN.

Quantity.

Cwt. qr. lb. a. o. 1

40. 2. o

BuJbelt.

*4

Cwt. qr. lb. 88. a. ao

7,3 >4* o. ai BuJbelt.

16

Cwt. qr. lb. 5,698. a. 25 Bushels.

33

Cwt. qr. lb. 93. 1. 10 Bu Jbeli. 882

Cwt. qr. lb. 100. o. o

Bushels. 7,44 *>

Cwt. qr. lb 1,611. 1. 16

Bushels.

520

Value.

C d.

4 ro 5 34 8 6

a 14 —

*55 3 9 6,117 *

2 18 6

4,843 18 3

3 *4 3

79 3 99 4 6

225 ——

Cwt. qr. lb.

7. a. o

486. o. 17

BuJbelt.

2,oSo

Cwt. qr. lb. 6,8x1. 3. 27

126 3. o BuJbelt.

1,675

Cwt. qr. lb. aao. o. o

2,178. a. ao

*37 11 3

1*819 18 9

58 10 —

POLAND.

Quantity.

Cwt. qr. lb. 205. I. 3

O. 3 24

BuJln-l . 4,* 5°

Cwt. qr. ib. 43 > 3

Cwt. qr. lb. 193. o. 15

H* 3- 3 BuJbelt. 177

Cwt. q*\ lb. 870. 3. 1

Cwt. qr. lb. 345* 3* *

Cwt. qr. lb. 50. i. to

Cwf. qr. lb. 80. O. O

26 17 C 4*3 4 7 *34 ——

11,912 14 8 *107 *4 9 288 % 9

495 — —

1,851 17 6

83. 1. 20

BuJbelt.

2,360

Cwt. qr. lb. 260. a. 23

Vilue.

£ * a.

359 4 *

— 16 4

545 7

75 *4 *

33* 9 *

II 14 1

3* 3 3

*,5*5 *6 7

607 z 6

88 t jo

68 ——

70 18 3

*53 ——

346 11 10

a

preceding the 5th of January i8os; distinguishing e.cli Year; and the Places from whence Imported; and the Value thereof respectively.

1796: >7 97- 1798: 1 1799: 1 800: 1801:

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Va:ue. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. V

lb». £*- ' lbs. £ Ibi. £ < lbs. £ s, d] 1 lb*. £ * Ibs. £ * a.

- - - IC2483 4.5*3 T- 7' 96 7 *6 — '1 270 1 21 l8 9 — . {

- - 3,2 13 13 — - 1 - - - 240 XO IO —

" - - - 2,821 119 4 1 - - 100 8 1 6 3>846 3*4 9 9

3/ M3 *5 — - - ' ' -1 - *»593 81 16 4 12,637 9So 7 4

3,*4*>97: 1 4 »' 44 »6 lc i 2,865,6^ 115446 4 5 4,050,665 180,164 6 4 4.*9c>8i5 i8*954 7 9 5»*59»°43 *25>7i3 3 4 4*946*463 128,907 15 1

150,1 ;o 8 2* ' i»975»647 95,055 i* 4 3,004,304 145,614 13 8! 4,508,164 246,983 17 - 3,371,652 160445 9 5 1,115,^3 -108,311 7 10

1,115 171 16 lc ! 149 82 13 1 7.984 358 11 8 *74 7 12 3 *>56* 72 — xo 74 3 3 —

- - - 2x3 9 xo 9 4,3d 100 13 4

— — i - — ' — — —

— - — — — 1 — —

*»79f*$99 111,3 l8 19 1 1 *,4* 7*9 *9 138,251 1 ic 2,046,262 109,160 18 3 *,647*95$ 88,310 11 7 V>99»*33 118,601 % 10 3,232477 183,790 X3 !

mu 880 6 c,!. . I 1.X.O 1 <'9> 5 — *4*594 M 9 9 24,289 i,c6i 12 10 18,569 ' 812 7 10 *7,035 747 .3 1

7*4.545 4-4^60 3 t 7,iMt,8i 5 j^.54i *5 8 9,229,111 440,679 *7 4! *°>5 5 *>493 5*5,326 18 5 10,652,139 505,7761* 7' «.34°1754 . 423t*74 "3 3

1 k 1

Appendix. (No. 78.)

19# Mh/:t

continued.

William Irvings

Inspe&or General of the Importi and Exports of Grfeat Britain!

Ten Years preceding the 5th of J:nuary i3oz; dilhnguishing each Year; and the Places from whence Imported; and the Values thereof relpeflivrfy.

mu. SI A. GERM \NY. 1 HOLLAND ! ' n FLA.WDERS. ' FRANCE.

Q^ani.ty. Vi:u % Q^j iti»y. Valuer J Quantity. Vau Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value.

Cwt. qr. Jb. £ «. d. Cwt. qr. lb. 1. 1 'j Cwf. <js. lb. £ *- d. Cwt. qr. lb. £. - d. Cwt. qr. lb. £ s. d.

9*^J4- 1. iw, . m,6 1 8 to 0. 4 xS 1 1 s! £83. 3. *6 ,ioC,337 IJ 4 12S. 5. 19 225 12 1 708. 1. 21 _ i*iJ9 *5 7

*»4lT 3. it x^*3 <3 10 j 6 J*-. 2. 22 5.57s 10 f . - - 814. O. 5 700 8 8 150/0. 2 127 10 3

ll.Ctl. BufbHt. Bushels. bushels.

4W449 \ J 7 7 - 64,4 5* 24,988 11 — 281 31 12 3 34*495 3,880 13 9

Qr*. Bkjfll.

leg. 0 162 3 6 ——

C-r. Sr. lb. Cwt sr. lb. C*t. qr. lb.

5-57 c. 4 9>^7 11 s i 51. c. 0 89 15 57,eo5. 3. 19 117,55* *4 7 Cwt. qr. lb.

l»(-2* 23 1,3 4 V^6. 3- 13 6,805 17 5 St. 3. 3 71 4 2 3,721. 2. X. . 3*63 1 4 -

liulhc it. Bushel*. Buihrli. Bushels.

1 J i-,9 9 12 c 2,919 J*s 7 9 3i,iSi 11,558 8 9 - - - *,049 xi3 0 3

Baib. Qrs. Buih.

0. s — it 3«- 4 57 *5 —

Cwt. <ff lb. Cwt. qr. lb. 1 1 Cwt. qr. lb.

5.1^0. 1. 13 9,07* 10 "1 26 a 0 45 10 j , 73,499* t* 27 147*73* 9 4 -

34# 0. 5 t*)(i *3 9 I 100. 0. 0. 170 — — . 1 1,290 2. 22 i,947 1 10 O. O. 7 — X 1 - - 1

1» .1. 1, Fu(h*;. t Gift,*ll.

1S1 U7 1 >ifl *3 3 i 4*°57 523 it 3 34.067 13,240 19 6 - . - - . - . - . *

Q^» Q^s. Bulb.

1>J. 0 1 375 — " - - 374. 4 55* *6 — - — -w —

Cv»t. 4*. |b. 1 C t. *jr. lb. Cwr. qr. lb.

4*557- i. 6 18 4" >9 7 3* *3 4&>*7 4 — 3,455- ! 14 5»78i 17 6 - - " -

- . i i 2". 2. 1? 34 — 4 3°. 3. 9 26 4 1

BuC.-n. 1* E I Bufo-rs.

5 *.;Si 9,2 f6 10 6 1: ,.j'j M38 *4 -1 £.59- \ 633 17 xo

II 1 Q^i. Bulk.

9CO. O 1,350 — — — > —

*;r. lb . Cvv*. qr. lb. 1 Cwt. qr. lb.

*6 S61. i. lo *9*5*9 5 5 1 4»i3-9*'4* *6 39*9f+ 5| 3^,699 I. I? 84,117 19 — 1

43 3. 4 10 4 4 1 I»"4I 0. 12 M79 *3 9 ! 1

B4iht it. 1 Buck's.

*" 9 4 06 *5 7~V *5 6 J M.^9 3»" *7 *7 6 23»47l 9*354 5 9 - " * * re - *t "

i«. 5 31 8 0 ——

;r. lb. j Cwt q . )b Cwt. qr. lb. 82,868 —

7»7h 5 *. 10 14*409 6 9!; 2v|90. 2. 10 4,5*3 *° 7 39^52. 2. 8 — *

22-. 3. ,5 *V3 *5 4 10,423. c. IX S, S59 *4 I 7 BuOwli*

Eufi B-f.irls.

4l5*-6| 24*5,x 6 9 9>'5° l, C94 *4 6 37,036 14,420 4 9 - -

— - — x -re —

C* or I!. Gw*, qr. lb. Cwt qr. lb.

*3.ioi. *. 2 5*905 ti 3 23 52:- j- 44 45*9-3 ,6 1 56,998. a. 7 115,145 6 7

1"° * 17 *45 1 — 2,46.*. j. 6 i,c95 10 1

j L.. h-fs. Builds*

4 s, T53 5 — 1 i/47 *7 3 47.53* i 18,14* 13 10 X

I Q. u-iii. *

- - I c- * — 7 6 ——

Cvirt* qr. !b. 1 *'«t. q*. |K. Cwt. qr. lb.

2*.dJ. 0. 16 4°-545 6 — 1 377* 2. iS 54>co9 9 3 18,127. 2. O 35.566 s 6 r

e-y -- e. ,4 5.214 1 6 j i 1,461. 0. 18 1,241 19 8 *4*- 3* 44 120 13 4

B ihrli. Bui!.els. Builds.

4*5'9 i ac,5i' 16 9 11,410 *,576 17 6 26,304 } 9*493 *9 7

CvrT- «r. lb. C*r. ar. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb.

27»mx. *1. ,5 4V:S 4 4 7*34- 4. 1 *3,94^ 7 11 77,729* 3- 5 *59»73* I. 10 - - 103. p. 7. x8o 7 a

5*5C 5* 2. j *3 S 9*4 3 * 4- 17 8,017 *5 1 555. I. 16 474 1 8 . w. -

Ecihr|<. iv.tLds. Bushels. |

*'5.8*4 J 24,^1 to X 1 S.tJ7 914 — "I 50,282 19,887 13 9 1

— — — — 1 1 — — — re- —

Cv,rt. <{T. lb C\vt. qr. lb., 7.55s '9 Cwt. qr. lb.

,fc-'. 5- J. 0 9 t 4,-73- * x 1 1 62,170. O. 24 131,104 5 *-

0. 16 6, Sc* *3 6 44-;8-- L 9 37.739 " 31 15". I. 19 133 16 1

»: ih . B uihc.'s. Eulhes.

6b.5S7 8 457 — 9 4^*54^ 4,7S& 13 — *#,857 18 - - - - re

Qr*. Bull. Qre* Buih.

- - - 1 539* 5 809 8 9 - - o- 3 it 3

i !

Appendix.

1802.

Appendix,

(No. 78.)

Account of the Quantity of Hax and Hemp, and of

ABSTRACT OF THE

1 FLAX. HEMP.

Yem.

Quantity. Value. Quantity. . Value.

Cwu qr. lb. £ - d. Cwt. qr. lb. £

1792 *45,514. 0. 6 47*»S79 *3 6i4,j6i. 1. 17 511,107 7 s

*793 *71,144. 1. 5 517,610 3 t 553.*3*- * 9 473.7 $< «< 3

*79+ 344*6*6. 3. *4 681,940 1* j8*»3*4- * 494.97J «7 4

*795 *15,826. 1. 14 446,666 11 6 S7*»7J*- * 7 48s.97» >3 »

1796 51X,0Sl. 3. it 639,796 11 (18,486. 1. 1 515,713 10 1

*797 2°9»544- 3- 410,101 1 488,176. 3. 0 414,950 4 —

1798 389,601. 3. 18 765*93* 1* 9 <47.743 3- 8 550,581 4 (

*799 417*4* 3- *4 826,110 9 3 7S*.S47- o- 10 639,665 — 1

1800 410,533. 1. 17 795*60 11 7 $96^19. 1. 0 506,956 7 —

1801 171,141. *. 17 518,940 4 10 741,181. 1. 18 630,089 7 it

Inspeflor General's Office, Custom-House, London, May »8ih iSofee

Flax and Hemp Seed, Imported into Great Britain — cu:nnut d.

ISLE OF MAX. ISLES GUERNSEY and JERSEY, Ac. STATES of AMERICA. BRITISH CONTINENTAL COLONIES. WEST INDIES. ASIA.

Quantify. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity, Value. Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value.

Cwl qr. lb. £ ' Cert. qr. lb. £. i. Cwt. qr. lb. £ Cwt. qr. lb. £ t. d. Cwt. qr. lb. £ d. Cwr. qr. Jb. £ tm dm

Bothell. l8 2 JO Buthels. — - - — " —

18,798 4,81* ij j 9,209 If223 3 6 — — —

— - — — Bulhrls. — — - 1

15,481 j 3.73* 4 10,364 1,206 4 — *7 3 — 9 — —

- - — V ——

— - — "* 1

4MS4 i 5,573 5 7 8,223 i 9*5 10 - — — ‘ —

22,297 I9 —

- - 45 3* o- 7 VS — 1,455 14 9

- J - J3-8*1 i 6,142 8 8 13.539 1,586 7 9 — — 1 — —

S - — —

10,575. a. 2 18,507 3 1

1 248. 0. 15 210 18 3

I 6,446 18 9 5,116 i 597 1* ——

i 5,183. 2. % 9,071 3 1

183. 2. 23 156 2 10

5,69411 — 8,860 i 1,962 1 9 — — i __ —

i 417 14 4

— — Boftirl*. ——

- - 133 15 3 8,058 i 2,287 8 55* 6ft ft ——

— Cwt. qr. lb. ——

- - 35. 1. *6 62 1 10 ——

Butkclt. — — i l 1 - -

7 — 15 9 16,501 4,4*9 — — *593 *35 7 ' ‘ ——

— — — I - -

- ... 54 17 95 4 -j ——

- - 101. 1. 1 86 iS 4 - — —

3*,in { 10,381 11 8 *r4°8 *93 18 ——

— — " Cwt. qr. lb. - - —

- ... 711. a. 11 1,264 13 " *53- 3- 3 274 ft — — — — , — — —

623. 0. 24 529 14 7 1 BuOieli. - —

3478 5 — 4»*73 66x 16 9 — 1 — — —

~ ' " 1 r 1 The] Imports from th ie East Indie* ca nnot be ascertali ied as yet for th e Year 1801.

.....PRECEDING ACCOUNT.

Appendix, (No. 78.) 19* Matty

continued.

FLAX SEED. HEMP 1 SEED.

Quantity. V»!«e. Quantity. Value.

Buftel*. £. u i. Q?y. Bust. £ - d.

380,378 «3>7$4 13 ic8. 0 161 3 6

51,619 6 ft 56. 6 *5 5 9

4*4,70$ 66.5x1 19 — 8+9. 4 *t*74 S ""

477,4$: i 59,8 ;S 7 — !,3c6. 6 1,963 17 5

«3,8c«| 93,287 11 IO 308. 9 je» 13 9

*3^3»* 1 88,4$! 19 IO 7- 6 *17 6

707,3*7 I 101,413 14 IO O. ft — 7 *

74*>;o7 i 105,170 ft — 0. X — 3 9

944.916 4 171,604 6 10 61. 7 91 16 1

»*^9* I S; 513 19 J 548. 6 823 i 6

IVuUaw Irving,

Ir.fpctfior Gtnrr.l of the Imports and fc- vparis of Great Britain.

nr-

tr R

Appendix,

(No. 78.)

] Mail,

(9HUvUtd.

Appendix.

A. I So:

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of British Plantation SUGAR and RUM Imported into, and Exported from, Great Britain*, between the $th Day of January 1801 and the 5th Day of January i3 A; distinguishing the Places front whence the same lidve becu Imported; with the Amount of the Duties Received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties Paid thereon*

NAMES IMPORTED: EXPORTED: ✓ s

of the PLACES. ( I )

SUGAR. R U M. RAW SUGAR. j I RUM. REFINED SUCAR.

Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Duty. Quantity. Drawback. I Quantity. Drawback. Quantity. Botn*y.

C. qr. lb. £ * Gallons. £ d C. qr. lb. £ ' d Gallons. 1 £. J.\ I C. qr. lb. £. *

Newfoundland„ - 1,118 0 25 - - 1 — -

Nova Scotia - - - 76+ 0 i - 13,649 -

Bahama - - - - 9° 2 3 — — — 1 - -

Antigua - - 198^80 3 13 " " 104.34*1 — J . — — — i — -

Baiba Joes - - - - joe,349 2 2(j - t ij,90» — — — — *-

Dominica - - - - 57,111 1 19 1 *4*5*9 - j ——

Grenada - - - - 187,060 2 22 _ 1 240,631 - -

Jamaica - - - ',863,445 3 22 I 3,210,707 - — —

Montserrat - - - 22,8^2 O 24 i i 27,59° 1 ——

Nevis ----- 70,999 2 I} - - - i 54.639! — - 1 — — -

Sts Kite's - - - - 167,091 O l6 _ - - 57>32*} — — - j __ —

St. Vincent'? - - ' 179,660 3 25 - 1 146,401$ - — -

Tortola - - - - 33»57° 3 27 - 52,404 . - — -

Demerara -' - - 9$,012 1 22 - *39.759 -

Martinico - 285,711 1 c _ - - 17,146 - — —

St. Lucie - - - - 18,897 2 14 ——

Surinam - - - - 168,169 1 i] 1 - - - j 5»*7 - — -

Tobago - - - - 115,684 3 i* 5 - 264,545 - — -

Trinidada - - - 69,543 0 ( 5 - *9.537 — # - .

St. Thomas - - - 3,586 1 2: 1 2,037 - — -

St. Croix - - - - 86,007 3 1: - 11,115 -

St. Bartholomew 2,657 3 7 - 22* ——

St. Martin's - - - 1,380 0 1 3 2,872 — — — t — -

Total - - 3»729>247 0 2 4 3»4S6>567 9 3: 4,39*,365 \ 100,683 II ( > 404,578 0: 5 4*6,544 *9 *c > 1,225,05: 1 19,315 I4 1 r 333,373 0 15*604,776 I! 7 1

AW*. — The Amount of the Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties, as above dated, will not be found to correspond with the Quantities, because the Sums actually Received or Paid within the Year are here inserted, and not the Sums Receivable or Payable on the Quantities Imported or Exptrted d tyring the same Period.

Jnfpc&or General's Office, Custom-House, London, May 18th 1802,

1

William Irving,

Inspeflor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

~~ Appendix,

TWENTY-SIXTH REPORT of the Commissioners of Account for IRELAND. (No. jp.)

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- — 19* Maii.

SINCE the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Date of the last Report delivered to the Chief "1

Governor, and to each House of the Imperial Parliament, the Commissioners have examined, and passed, the following Accounts:

I.

TRUSTEES OF THE LINEN AND HEMPEN MANUFACTURES.

The ACCOUNT of the Trusties of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, for One Year, ending the 25th Day of

March 1799.

THE CHARGE:

Arrears of Engagements due to sundry Claimants on the 25th Day of March 1798 - £. 11,9 From which mud be deduced the following, struck off by the Trustees - - 1,8

Armr open to Demand on the 23th Day of March 1798 ——

Amount of Engagements for One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1799

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

P4:! Sr/artri and Wages Premium* lor Latching Flax Encouraging new Markets Imitatirg M;idol Candlestick

Machinery -

Buildings ard Repairs - .

Rents and 'Faxes ..... Punting and Stationary -

Law Expences

Pollacc -

Inspectors Fees and Surveyors Wages

Incidental Expcocca -

Flax Premiums ..

Total Discharge

The Debt, or Arrear, due to sundry Claimants, on the 25 th Day of March 1799 -

The Charge, as above -

£ ' *

[ 1

10,060 7 it!

- 22.561 6 4*

c- 32,621 14 4 -

S.«-7 9 8

2 6 1 —

388 8 —

21 5 8

1.400 — —

311 14 5

162 9 11

160 11 8

86 i 8 8

9181a 2

3»* 5 7

*5*743 U 6

£ 24.756 6 j

- 7,865 7 11

£ 32,621 14 4

This Account is accurately Stated, and fopported by Vouchers, and by the Depositior.s upon Oath of the Secretary, who declared

that it is just and true in every Particular. *

General STATE of the FUNDS of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures* fur One Year, ending the 25th Day of March 1799.

Arrear of Engagements UQfutiified, and remaining due to the Public on the 25th Day 1 Charge created in the Year ending on the 25th Day of March 1799 - 22,561 0 4-1 £ ' £ > d-

Gross Charge - - 54488 1 3 1

From which dcaufl. Amount of Arrears struck off by the Trustees - 1,866 6 11

From which Sum deduct. Amount of Payments made in the Year ending the 25th Day of 24.756 '. 6 . Ps

To:al Amount of Engagements remaining open to Demand on the 25th Day taf March 1799 - - - .-'7,865 7 ii

Towards answering which are to be Applied:

Froouce of Appropriated Duties, for the Year ending the 25th Day of March 1799 £. 9^5 6 3^ Remaining in ti e Treasury, on Account of Parliamentary Grant - - - - 5,400 — — lu the Hands of the Secretary - -- - 2374 £ '

Ouistanding and unreceived Funds, on the 25th Day of March 1799 ----- - 10.699 »S Si

From which deduct. Amount of Engagements remaining open to Demand on the 25th Day of March 1799 - And it will appear that the Outstanding Funds, on the 25th Day of March 1799, applicable to the Discharge of the Outstanding Engagements on that Day, exceed the said Engagements in a Sum of - 7,865 7 11

- ‘ £ 4,834 7 6$

VOL. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 79.)

19* Maii9

emtimiJ.

2.

ROYAL CANAL: (Third Account).

The THIRD ACCOUNT of Money expended by the Royal Caxal Company* to enable them to receive Part of the Sam of Twenty-five Thoafand Pounds* granted by Parliament in the Session of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for carrying on the Royal Canal to Cooloahay, Six Mile# beyond Mullingar; and from the River Liffey to Glafnevin Road; and in eroding an Aquedud, leading to the intended Harbour* near the House of Industry, and in building the Walls of said Harbour; from the 8ih Day of June 1799 to the 13th Day of March 1801;

Pursuant to their Petitions in the Session of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight* and in the Session before* and la former Sessions.

The said Company have* agreeably to the AA of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight* entered into a Recognizance before the Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer* in the penal Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds* conditioned that they the said Royal Canal Company shall complete and finish the said Navigation to Thomastown, in the County of Westmeath* Thirty-three Miles from the River Liffey, without requiring^any further Public Aid for so doing.

THE CHARGE:

Received by Debentures on the lift Account* which proved the Company had expended of their proper 1 Money the Sum of £. 13*358. 6 u 6 {/ ---1 C 6,000 — — *

i- THE DISCHARGE: Total Expenditure l Dedud the Charge* being Amount of Debentures received on lad Account - £. s. 10,736 6 io( 6,000 — —

Expenditure per this Account - 4,736 6 10i

To which mud be added; Viz. Toe Balance of lad Account* on which Debentures were not received - - - 1,358 6 6

The Expenditure* on which Debentures are now claimed* then is £. 6.094 '3 4»

Abdrad of the EXPENDITURE per this Account* under the following Heads; Viz. Surveying and Engineering Valuation, and Law Expences Purchase of Lands Excavation and Embankment - -- --Masons Work - -- -- --Lock Gates, Clay Boats* and Carpenters Work - -- -- --Officers Salaries - -- -- --Contingent Expences ----- ----- -- £ A 3*4 7 1,183 is 9 *43 4 4»*S5 " 9k **43 9 49° 4 — 1,505 10 7 500 4 *

Gross Expenditure - - - 10,736 6 io£

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched.

33

3-

WESTMORLAND LOCK HOSPITAL.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors or Directors of the Westhouamd Lock Hospital, for Nine Month*, to the 31st Da/of

December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of la# Account in favour of the Public -Received from His Majesty's Treasurjr

Total Charge

£ a.

— *5 7 *

3.«9* 3 3i

c 3,198 18 io£

Paid Salaries

Wages.

Provisions ... Medicines -Firing, &c. -Furniture and Utensils Repairs -

Beds and Bedding

Stationary -

Disbursements by the Steward Paid for Truflics, &c.

Auditor General's Fees -

THE DISCHARGE:

Total Discharge ... Dedud the Chtrge Balance in favour of Accountants - £.

£ t.

54*

205 10

1,919 2

*59 *3

363 6

*35 3

201 *3

353 *7

*3 >5

112 9

316 7

3 *3

i.

4

8

4

V

5*

Si

9

4*436 13 3,198 18 ioi

*.*37 *4 ♦

This Account Is properly Stated and Vouched: The Senior Surgeon and Steward were examined upon Oath, and they Hate that the

Accounts are just and true in every Particular. They further Bate, that the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin wa» established by

Government, in the Year 1792. for the indiscriminate Admidion, without Recommendation, of all Indigent Person* labouring under

Venereal

Venereal Difeafr*, and is the only Institution in the Kingdom of Ireland exclusively appropriated to the Relief of Persons of that Drfcription: It i> therefore refored to by infe^ed Persons from all Parts of the Kingdom, Sailors belonging to different Nations, and Soldiers ditchai grd from His Majesty's Service. The Hospital is capable of accommodating only Two Hundred and Fifty Intern Patients, and is uudequ te to the Reception of the Number applying for Relief.

The S enior and Aflidant Surgeons attend every Day at Twelve o'Clock to vif:t the Wards, to dispence Medicine to Extern Patients, and to confuit upon any same of Danger or Emergency; the Senior Surgeons also attend twice a Week to adapt and distribute Truffes to the Ruptured Poor.

The Senior Su g^ons report, that in their Opinion the Building, as it now (lands, is sufficiently spacious to contain the Patients under Mercurial Treatment; but that in order to carry the Intentions of Government completely into Effect, it will be expedient to ertft Two spauous and ventilated Wards (apart from the Mercurial Wards) for the Accommodation of Convalescents, or Patients to whom Mercury Cannot with Propriety be administered, capable of containing Twenty-five Beds each.

Appendix,

(N9. 79-)

19* Matt,

continued.

ROMAN CATHOLIC COLLEGE.

The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Collece; purfoant to an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of Hi* preferx Majesty* Reign, intituled, 4* An Act for the better Education of Persons professing the Popish or Roman Catholic Religion;" from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1S00.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public ——

R'-oeived from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury - £.6,000 — —

Deduct Poundage and Pells - - - 180 — —

Receired, Legacy bequeathed by Reverend Jn° Larkin - - - .

Interest on Debentures ——

Admi&on Money from Scholars ——

For Hides, S Li ns. Fat, Sec. ——

Total Charge - - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Fees of Parliament and Treasury For Provisions -

Coals and Candles -Hay and Oats -

Books and Stationary -Rent, Tythe, Ir.furaace, See. -Labourers, Manure, Sec.

Furniture and Utensils

Repair?, Scc.

Salaries - -

Servants Wages

Walking, &c.

Postage -

Total Discharge -

Balance in favour of the Public, on the 31st Day of December 1800

The Charge, as above -

£ /. d.

70 5 81

5,820

56 —

16 10

1.318 T" I

187 7 IO

7,468 3 7i

£ /. d.

410 l9 if

3,453 H 7

3S° 12 6f

‘S 2 6

101 9 7

95 11 9f

S3 16 6f

«5« 4 Si

46 >4 X

*»°39 — 7f

116 *7 X

57 17 00

3 *5 10r

5,896 l6 7l

i>57» 7 —

7,468 3 M* ||

This Account is regularly Stated, and properly Vouched. — The Burlar and Secretary were examined on Oath, who deposed, that the Account u a' just and t; ue in every Particular. The Avt raee N umber of Scholars on the Establishment of this Seminary for Nine Months, ending the 3 ill of December 1800, is Oue Hundred and Ninety-seven.

Vol. 57.

XI I

Appendix.

A, 1802

Appendix,

Nu. 79.)

lc/ Mini,

CznttKixd, t______w ----- >

S'

COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, C° DUBLIN; (1.)

The ACCOUNT of the Commercial Building Company of Dublin, of the Application of the Sums of Money received by them, under several Acts of Parliament, passed in relation to said Company; from the 27th Day of February 1707 to the 24th Day of March 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Received from the TruAecs of the Royal Exchange, Surplus in their Hands of the Duty payable on certain Entries at the Custom-House ——

/. /. d.

1,2:0 — —

More; that Part of the Duties payable at the CuAom-House, apportioned and payable to this Company; viz.

l or the Quarter ending the 24th of June 1799

Ditto.....- 29th September

Ditto - - - - 24th December -

Ditto ----- - 24th March 1800

Total Charge

jC-3'4 >0 33* 10 5

3*5 '9 >>

245 16 10

- - /

L-cq 7 9

2,4-9 7 9

THE DISCHARGE*

Paid IntereA on Sums borrowed, up to the 25th of March 1799 ....

To the General Purposes of Expenditure

Fees to Collector's Clerk, on receiving the Duties at the CuAom-House, at Two-and-an-Half per Cent. -

Intercit cn the old Debt of this Company, being Six Thousand Eight Hundred Pounds, from March to September 1799 ——

Ditto, on new Debt, Five Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, up to the 29th of September ----- - - .

Ditto, on the entire Debt, being Thirteen Thousand Pounds, Six Months, to 24th March 1800

C ' '

480 7 6

710 12 6

30 4 8

204 — —

6S 3 5

390 ——

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

1,889 S 1 5*9 19 »

The Charge, as above

2,409 7 9

6.

COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, C* DUBLIN; (2.)

The ACCOUNT of the Commercial Building Company of Dublin, of the Application of the Sums of Money received by them under several Acts of Parliament, passed in relation to said Company; from the 25th Day of March 1800 to the 3ill Day of December following.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Account, ended the 25th Day of March 1800....

Received at His Majesty's Treasury, on Account of the Duties chargeable on certain Entries at the Custom House, within the Period of this Account ——

Total Charge - - £.

£ /. d.

5°9 *9 8

312 ——

831 19 8

THE DISCHARGE:

Pa d Fees at the Treasury -....

Six Months Intercit on the Debt of this Company, Thirteen Thousand Pounds, from 25th March to 29th September 1800 »....

Part of the Principal of said Debt, paid off on the 29th September 1800 -

Total Discharge -Dcdudl the Charge -

Balance in favour of Accountants - . f

C /. d.

1 — 4r

390 ——

500 — —

891 _ 4f 831 19 8

59" K

These Accounts are corredlly Stated, and supported by proper Vouchers.

7.

HIBERNIAN SOCIETY FOR SOLDIERS CHILDREN.

The ACCOUNT of the Hibernian* Society for Soldiers Children, for Nine Months; from the 31st Day of March

to the 31st Day of December 1800.

Appendix", (No. 79.) .

190 Maii,

continued.

THE CHARGE:

Received, Net Amount of Parliamentary Grants Lrgacic*, Bt quells, and Subscriptions Balance of Rent -

Church Collections -

For Butter fold ——

TuoCows, ditto ——

Potatoes - ditto ——

Diitount on Butchers Bills

12:ii Day of October ib'oi

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance in favour of Accountants, on Account ending the 31st Day of March 1800

Paid :or Provisions ——

furniture and Repairs ——

C'U'uthi ~g ——

Coais, Candles, Soap, and Lamp Oil ——

J1 h: nary- hxpci.ces ——

1 :ici Jcnrtsl K; cnees ——

A 'piet.v.ce Fees ——

St... inary a*d Printing ——

Expences of Kitchcn Carden - -

Salaries and Wages..... ....

" Total Discharge - -

Deduct the Charge

Balance in favour of the Accountants

£ ' £

- 2,438 IO —

600 4 4

h 3 ui

S 12 8

- S 11 10 ,

9 8 6

17 13 7

1 13 —

the 3,092 17 io|

- 00 1 1

£ 2,607 17 lof

£. s. J.

- 1,127 18 *

1,556 8 7j

181 7 4i

3°9 '3 "

174 1 10

- 1815 1

648

63

" *3 16 — §

57 9 10

231 13 IO

3,75° 8 5b

2,607 17 IO{

1,142 10 6J

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched.

8.

CORPORATION FOR DISCOUNTENANCING VICE, &c.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Discountenancing Vice, and Promoting the Christian Religion; from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800, inclusive.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Cash in Hands, on 25th of March 1800 Received, Amount of Subscriptions from Members For Tsafts fold ——

Total Charge -

£ % * d.

264 18 10

300 6 —

10 2 9

575 7 7

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Rent ——

Salaries and Allowances ——

Stationary, Books, and Printing....

Incidental Expences -

Total Discharge - -

Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

£. s. J.

59 ♦

182 12 4y

37 r9 8s

- 354 >6

- 220 11 l£

£ 575 7 7

VOL. 57.

This Account is accurately Stated and Vouched.

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 79.)

190

continuid.

9*

FEMALE ORPHAN-HOUSE.

The ACCOUNT of the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan-House, on the Circular Road near Dublin;

from the 25th Day of March to the 3111 Day of December 18.0.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of Cash on Hands on the 24th Day of March 1800 - - - u

Received, Amount of Donations and Subscriptions

Net Amount of Collodion at Charity Sermon ——

- - Ditto - of Pa li.imentary Grant -

Produce of Woik done by the Children ——

Fo a F.iir of Fancy Shoes, &c. -

For Onions, &c. fold ——

Interest on Five-Per-Cent. Government Debentures ——

Total Charge

THE DISCHARG E:

Paid for Provisions Cloathing -Furniture and Repairs Stationary and Printing -Coal*, Candles, Soap, &c. Incidental Expences Wages and Allowances -Rem -

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, &s above-This Account is properly Stated and Vouched.

S T A TE of the above BALANCE:

lyi Treasurer's Hands Regiller's Ditto Debenture*

£ /. d '

- 571 12 61

445 lo 6

857 f 9

12

*5° 16 3

1 2 9

6 »9

17 10 ~

c- 2,515 6 -1

£ ' <*

802 £

170 13 I

IO J 8 0

114 2 8

46 6 34

60 6 1

30

- 1.264 16 5

- 1,270 10 — \

£ 2 5*5 6 S«

1

/. r.

7 4I 178 16 b 426 6 2

I,2$0 10 — f

10.

COMMISSIONERS OF WIDE STREETS, KING'S LETTER, LINE FROM D R O G H ED A STREET

TO THE CUSTOM-HOUSE.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of King's Letter, for the Line from Drogheda Street to the New Custom-House; from the 24th of June 1799 to the 31II of December 1S00.

THE CHARGE:

Received from the Commissioners of the Revenue, to pay for Concerns on the North Strand -Rents ——

Total Charge

£ d-

3,000 — —

1,463 8 5

£ 4,463 S s

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of Accountants ——

Paid Rent ——

Purchase of Concerns, &c. -

Contingencies -

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£ 4.

122 s 74

145 3

3 >9* 7 3 6

133 9 1

- 4.318 9 s-4

144 18 i;{

£ 4,463 8 5

ie

II.

COMMISSIONERS OF WIDE STREETS A V E X U E S FROM CARLISLE BRIDGE,

SOUTH OF THE RIVER.

THE CHARGE:

Receive! for old Materials fold Root -

Depositi, on fettirg Seven Lots of Ground

From Bank of Ireland, for J. T. Kane's renewed Note, at 64 Days -Received from His Majesty's Treasury, Amount of House, Card, and Club Tax, Net

Total Charge THE DISCHARGE:

Paid, Purchase of Concerns, See

- - Rent -

- Salary to Commissioner'i Clerk

- - Contingencies -

- - I Mere ft

Total Discharge Dedud the Charge

Balance in favour of Accountants

£ x. d.

,1,366 I 4

101 16 7

tr\ 00 et U-k q

'3 - 14,868 9 10

- 15,000 — —

1,625 — 8

£ 34,013 16 8

18,368 4 11

3,841 — 10

M V» 1 1

9*9. 7 «°£

1,974-10 9i

e - 15,000

- 4>338 4 5

- 34,013 16 8

£ 6,3*4 7 9

Appendix, (No. 79.) 19° Mail,

continued*

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River; to the 3ill Day of December 1800.

12.

COMMISSIONERS OF WIDE STREETS; — KING'S LETTER v — COMMUNICATION BETWEEN THE NORTHERN AND SOUTHERN SIDES OF THE CITY TO THE CASTLE, AND EASTWARD OF ESSEX BRIDGE.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of King's Letters, for opening a Communication between the Northern and Southern Sides of the City to the Castle, and Eastward of Essex Bridge; from the 24th Day of June 1799 to the 31st Day of December i8cc.

THE CHARGES

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Received, Rent - - - £. X. J. 316 i 8| 80 11 10

Total Charge - - 396 13 6}

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Thomas Sherrard, on Account, for Railing and Paving Carriage Way of Sumdierhill, and also for Railing and Paving Carriage Way in Dorset Street -

Total Discharge -

Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above

£. x. d.

IOO -

IOO — —

296 13 6£

396 13 61

VOL. 51.

ii K

Appendix

J. 1802

Appendix,

(No. 79.)

19® M

COHtl*Utdm

13-

COMMISSIONERS OF WIDE STREETS; — DAM E STREET, OR COAL DUTIES.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the Head of Dame Street, or Coal Duties; from the 24th Day of June 1799 to the 3ill Day of December 1S00.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public ——

Received from His Majesty's Treasury, Parliamentary Grant of Session 1799, Net More, Parliamentary Grant of Session 1800, Net

More, Net ——

Received, Amount of Duty on Coals ——

For 21 Wide Street Certificates ——

Rents ——

Total Charge THE DISCHARGE:

Paid, Rent ——

- - Officers Salaries -

- Interest, Purchase of Concerns, Sec. ——

- - Law Expences, and Fees of Parliament ——

- - Contingencies ——

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public >

The Charge, as above

jr. d.

857 18 —

- 4.364 12 it

4,364 12 ii

4,699 12 n

7,300 6 4

1,050

IO T 12 9

£ 22,739 16 3

/ ' d.

193 19 —

577 10 —

14,090 9 4

2,974 >7 '°I-

1,665 6 4

- 19,502 2 6£

- 3,256 13 8f

22,738 l6 3

These several Accounts are accurately Stated and Vouched; the Accountant was examined upon Oath, who deposed they were jail and true in every Particular.

14-

DUB LIN SOCIETY,

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies raised or received by an Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, by the Dublin Society; from the 25th Day of March to the 31st Day of December 1800, inclusive.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public -

Received Part of Parliamentary Grant - -

Ditto - - the like ——

Ditto - - the like ——

Subscriptions received - -

£. 1. d

1,563 16 5

5.000 — —

8.000 — —

2,035 ——

887 19 9

Total Charge

- c

17,486 16 2

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid, Premiums and Sundry Expences under the Head of Agriculture and Planting Ditto - - the like, under the Head of Manufacturecs, Fine Arts, and Contingencies

' Total Discharge

Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£ ' d.

- 5>324 ‘ 3i

- 8,559 17 uf

- 13,883 19 3

3,602 16 11

£ 17,^86 l6 2

This Account is properly Stated, and supported by regular Vouchers, and by the Depositions of the Secretary and Accountant. |

Appendix

42 Geo. III.

95 r

1

PORT AND HARBOUR OF DROGHEDA.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda; from the 35th Day of March

1798 to the 35th Day of March 1800.

Appendix,

(No. 79 )

19° Mali,

cdntinutd.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account, in Hands of the Treasurer Received from the Collector of Drogheda

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

£ /

103 6 icf

*.772 16 9

2'8;6 3 71

Paid by Burton Tandy, Esq. ——

- - by Edward Hardman, Esq. ——

— by Thomas Collins, Esq. Treasurer, to the Commissioners Orders -

Total Discharge

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer ——

From which dedud a Balance due Burton Tandy, Esq. on his Account

£- ' * log 10 6\

>4

The Balance to be accounted for by the Treasurer, then is a

The Charge, as above

/. J. 1,810 16 129 19 4

828 II 9

2,769 7 6i

I06 l6 I

2,876 3 7!

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched, and supported by the Depositions of the Treasurer and Engineer, and by the Certificates of the Commissioners.

16.

LYING-IN, HOSPITAL.

The G ENER AL ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Lying-in Hospital; from the 25th March to the 31st December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of hft Account in favour of the Public -Received by Collections in the Hospital Chapel -

Rems of Pews -

Produce of Garden Music - -

From sundry Persons, for creeling and supporting Beds in the Hospital,

Tax on private Sedan Chairs ——

Rutland-Square Tax ——

For Use of Tables and Forms of the Public Rooms -

Benefactions ——

Rents ——

Wine Licence -

From Doctor Kelly, for a Female Pupil

Interdl on Debentures -

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

1,316

86

75

290

l62

170

3*4

12

25

1,764

20

10

*5°

s.

9 7s 19 i*

1 6

19 n 10 —

8 —

10 7I 10 10 — 6 19 6 12 6

4,400 2 2

Paid Expences of Hospita! Chapel

- - Garden Mafic -

- - Rotunda and Rooms

- - Poundage on colluding Chair Tax

- - Expences on Rutland-Square Tax

- - Hospital Expences -

- - Interest on Debentures

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above

- £

£ '

99 J9 107 7

45 12 8 10 299 12 2,624 17 6

196 — —

d.

3f

5

5

5

5

33Si 19 Sz

1,018 2 8J

4,400 z 2

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched: — A Governor, the Remitter, and the Housekeeper were examined on Oat.i, and deposed the Accounts were jail and true in every Particular. — The Expences of the Institution are increasing, in consequence of the increased Number of Patients. — There are several Arrears of the Tax on Sedan Chairs, and Bed Money, which the Governors are taking effectual Steps to recover.

Vol. 57.

95 2

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, (Xo. 79.) 19* Maii,

Continued.

17*

DIRECTORS AND COMMISSIONERS FOR PAVING, &c.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies Collected, Received, and Difl>urled by the Directors and Commissioners so: Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; fioin 26th Muich to 31 It December ibeo.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account in favour of the Public ——

Received on Account of Pavir.g ——

..... % - Clean sing - -- -- - .

.....Lighting -

Received from His Majesty's Treasury, Parliamentary Grant of Carriage Duty, for the Year 1800 -

- - - more, additional Grant ——

- - - from the Bank, for the Board's Draft at Four Months on Henry Gore Sar.kcr, Esq.

- - - from Thomas Wharton, for Watering sundry Streets -

- - from Thomas Lvnef % Fines on Nuisances ——

- - - from Thomas M'Caskey - the like - -

Total Charge THE DISCHARGE:

c-

Paid for Paving, Sec. -

- Clean sing....

- Lighting ——

- Rent, Taxes, kc. of Corporation House

- - Fountains -

- - Sewers ——

- - Establishment -

- - Gratuities -

- - Incidents ——

- - Intereil on Debentures

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above -

! £ f. it.

2.480 16 9

10,051 4 s

2, JCO — . —

7,028 10

4.850 — —

4,850 — —

1,200 — —

1 5 4 8

27 *9 4

28 1 *c{

3 2»3 31 17 10

£ s. d.

11 10

5,l8l — 6

7»;n 6 7

697 18 ___ r i

3 5

132 *9 11

3,616 11 1

1,270 11 8

1,050 — 6

*>95 — —

30,100 3 6'-

2,231 *4 3*

32,331 i7 IO

This Account is regularly Stated and Vouched, and supported by the Depositions of a Commissioner, and the Accountant. — lixclusive of their Funded Debt, the Unfunded Debt of the Corporation, on the 3ill December 1800, was about JT. 9,000.

FUNDED DEBT of the Corporation for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin.

1790, June 24th — To Sundry Debentures issued -1792, April 12th — To - - Ditto -

*797* April 25th — To - - Ditto -

And 1 per Cent, to the Year 1806

To Balance remaining due by sundry Collectors

/. /. d.

£. 5,000, at 3J per Cent. I75

53,000, at per Cent. 2,120 —

io.oooo, at 6 per Cent. I 1 O O

£. 68,000 ... 2.995

1 1 1 tn i- O JU 411 5 8

18.

PUBLIC COAL YARDS, DUBLIN.

The A CCOUJMT of Edward San key, Esq. Director of the Public Coal Yards of Dublin; from 25 th March to 3 id December 18co.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lad Account, in favour of the Public ----- -- Received from His Majesty's Treasury, for the Purchase of Coals - £ 2,007 3.500 s. d. 4 61

Total Charge - - £ 5*5°7 4 6 *

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid into His Majesty's Treasury, on Account of Coals fold ----- Contingent Expences - -- - - £ ' 2 CO — 39 1 j. Ik

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public - 259 5.208 3 s 1

The Charge, as above - - / 5-S°7 4 61

This Account is accurately Stated and properly Vouched. The Comptroller and Director were examined on Oath, who deposed, that it is juil and true in every Particular.

STATE OF THE BALANCE:

O 5 j /- £- /. d.

vs Tnlbpcr, on Account, ending 25th December 1793 ----- --- *39 8 in

3 Calli in the Director's Hands ----- ----- -- 471 6 2

- 0 1 , < _ or The like, for Purchase of Coals ----- --- - - - 238 6 9

j j Value of 3,146 Tons Bari* of Coals remaining Unfold in both Yards, on 31 December 1800 4.409 1 5}

«1 The Balance, as above - - £. 5.2^8 3 1

i9. - '

BALLAST OFFICE, BELFAST.

The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast; from the 25 th Day

of March 1800 to the 31st Day of December following.

Appendix, (No. 79.)

190 Maii,

continued*

1

THE CHARGE: £ s. J.

Balance in favour of the Public, on the 25th Day of March 1S00 - - Received, for Tonnage Duties - - - - ----- - - - Ballall - - - - Pilotage ----- ---- ] mere d of Monty - -- -Lighter Drudge, fold - -- -A Fine - -- -- - 704 3 n 4«5 »4 9i 1,336 — 6 898 11 6£ *4 50 21 x 2 2 10 —

Total Charge - ' 3*452 1 11

THE DISCHARGE: Pilotage - Drudging - - - -- - Incidental fcxpences - -- -J)rv Dock - ----- ----- -- m £ < Sji 14 11 501 i* 7 *97 11 5 36 16 — f 227 14 61 52 1 3 9°4 *4 / 4 138 14 6#

Total Discharge - - 2,610 19

Balance in favour of the Public m «- 841 2 Si

The Charge, as above 3.452 1 II

This Account is properly Stated and Vouched,

Ofnce of Public Accounts, Dublin, 7th May 1802.

R. T. Herbert, (l. s.)

77/0. Burgh. (l* s.)

Rich. Magetiis. (l. s.)

A LIST of ACCOUNTS PaHld by the Commissioners of Account of Ireland; mentioned in their

Twenty-sixth Report, dated 7th Day of May 1802*

Balances Over-expended Debt!

in the Hands of >r of

Accountants. Accountants. Corporations.

ACCOUNT of the

£ ' d C ' d. £ > d.

I. Truileesof the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, to the jth Day of March 1799 - - 7.865 7 »

2. Royal Canal Company, to 13th March i£oi ----- - 6,094 >3 4

3- Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, to 31st December

1.237 *4 *

4- Roman Catholic College, to 31st December 1800 - 1.571 7 —

5- Commercial Buildings Company of Dublin, to 24th March 1S00 - - - 519 19 I

6. Ditto, to 31st December 18zo - 59 — H

7* Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children, to the 31st December 1800 - . 1,142 10 6}

8. Corporation for Difccuntcnancing Vice, &c. to }ift December i8co 220 I I *1

9- Governors and GcvcrndTes of the Female Orphan House, to 31st December

1,250 IO __i 2 '

10. Corr.mifroners of Wide Streers; King's Letter; Line from Drogheda Street to

the Custom-House, to 31st December 1800 ----- - 144 18 Hi

11. Drto, Avenues from Carlisle Bridge, South of the River, to the 31st Day of

December 1800 - -- 6,324 7 9

12. Ditto, for opening a Communication between the Northern and Southern Sides

of the City to the Castle, and Eastw.rd of F.llex Bridge, to the 3ill Day of

December iSoo - -- 296 13 6i

IV Ditto, under the Head of, Dame Street, or Coal Duties, to 31st December 1800 3>236 13 H

*4 1 Dublin Society, to 31st December 1800 ----- - 3,602 l6 11

15- Commissioners of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, to 25th March 1800 106 l6 1

6. Governors of the Lying in Hospital, to the 31st Day of December 1800 - I,ci8 2

*r- Dircders and Commissioners for Paving, &c. to 31st December 1800 2,231 14 3!

18. Director of the Public Coals Yards in Dublin, to 31st December 1800 5.268 3 1

19. BHIaft Office, Eeliuft, to 31st December 1800 ----- - 841 2 5r

VOL. 57.

ii L

Appendix,

(No. 8 b.)

22* iV/tf/V.

ACCOUNTS respecting the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, for the Year ending 5th January 1802.

(No. 1.) ,

Am ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending the 5th January 1802; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishinjg the Value of Imports from the East Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports: And distinguistring the Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported, from the Value of Foreign Articles Exported; together with the Difference between the Official Value, and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported in the Year ending the 5th January 1802.

YEARS. OFFICIAL VALUE of IMPORTS from

f EAST INDIES and CHINA. / All other Part*.

£ ' <* £ '

1784 - - - 2,996,652 2 11 12,276,224 18 —

,785 . 2,703,940 14 1 3.575.478 7 5

1786 - - - 3,156,687 — 7 12,629,385 6 10

1787 - 3,430,868 — 6 14,373,146 15 7

1788 - - - 3>453>*97 3 5 >4.573-272 17 >°

1789 - - - 3.362,545 4 >° 14.458,557 5 9

1790 - - - 3,149.870 14 4 15,981,015 10 II

1791 - - - 3,698,713 13 — 15.971.069 — 7

1792 - - - 2,701,547 9 4 16,957,810 17 3

>793 . - - 3,499,023 12 10 15.757.693 >6 10

>794 - - 445^475 > 5 17,830,418 19

1795 - 5,760,810 8 3 16,976,079 i 8

1796 - - - 3.372,689 — 6 19,814,630 17 11

>797 - - 3,942,384 5 1 17>°7,»572 >2 4

1798 - - - 7,626,930 6 9 20,230,959 1 11

>799 - - - 4,284.805 9 10 22,552,62 6 16 5

1800 " - " 4,942,27 5 10 9 25,628,329 15 7

1801 - - - ' \ 27.374>75 7 6 4

OFFICIAL VALUE of

BRITISH PRODUCE and

MANUFACTURES

Exported.

11,255,057 11,081,810 U.830,372 12,053,900 12,724,719 13,779.506 14,921,084 16,810,018

18*5 3 6,8 51

13,892,268

16,725,402

16.338.213 19,102,220 16,903,103 19,672,503

24.084.213 24,304,283

a5»7,9979

s. d.

— 6

16 5

18 11

3 5

17 9

2 6

9 7

16 4 6 11

17 7 16 2

2 2

3 >i

6 1

— 9

— 10

13 6

18 6

FOREIGN

MERCHANDIZE

Exported.

3.246,434

5>°35>357

4475-493

4,815,889

4,7470 18 5,561,042

5>I99'°37 5.52.,976 6,568,348 6,497,911 10,022,680 10,785,125 11,416,693 12.013,907 i3>919>274 11.907.116 18)847^735 16,523,480

/. d.

8 1 17 10

9 3

3

10

*5

7

10 11

16 6

9 3

12 8

*5 *

11 10

2 —

13 11

3 11

12 — 5 *

iY?/*. — In the Year 1697, certain Rates of Value were affixed to the several Articles Imported into and Exported from this Kingdom; and consonant to these Estimates, the Ledgers of the Inspector General's Office are still kept, and the Accounts are Rated accordingly.

Under the Act of the 38th of His Majesty, commonly called The Convoy A ft, N the Merchants Exporters were required to declare the Real Value of British Manufactures Exported, in order that the Amount of the Duty chargeable thereon might be ascertained; bat the Act having expired on the ifl Day of lall October, and the Exporters being confcauently exempt from their Declaration as to the Value, the Inspector General cannot make an Official Return to that Part of the Order of the House, which requires the Difference between the Official Value, and the Declared Value, in the Year ending the 5th January 1802. Assuming however, that Articles Exported subsequent to the jft of October, may be cflimated at the same Rate of Value with Articles of a similar Nature, Exported in the preceding Period of the Year, when the true Valqe could be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporters; the Inspector General thinks himself justified in Rating to Parliament, That <r the Actual Value of " British Manufactures Exported from Great Britain to all Parts, amounted, in the Year 1801, to £.41,770,354.99

No Account can as yet be prepared of the Value of the Imports from India and China, for the Year ending the 5th January last.

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London, 14th May 1802.

William Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

(No. 2.)

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Town age, which have been Annually Built and Registered in the several Ports of the British Empire; between the 5th January 1789 and the 5th January 1801.

- YEARS. VESSELS. . — 4 TONNAGE.

In the Year - - - 1789 - 827 71,090

1790 - 725 68,695

1791 - 7 66 68,940

1792 - 821 78,120

1793 " 800 75»085

*794 - 7*4 66,021

*795 - 719 72,181

1796 - 823 94*97*

>797 756 86,242

1798 - *33 89,319

>7 - 858 98,044

I 800 - 1,04,1 134,188

1801 - 1,065 122,593

Copies of the Certificates of Regiffry, granted in the respective Ports in the Plantations, not having been transmitted to this Office, from a considerable Number of those Ports, for the Year 1801, this Account is unavoidably defective as to the Amount of the Vessels that may have been Built and Registered within that Year.

J.

Ai£&' Reg* Gen1 of Shipping.

Appendix,

(No. 80.)

22* Maiiy

(No. 3.) anunutd.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Number of VES S E L S, and the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th September in each Year respectively, during the Years 1789, 1790, 1791, 1792, 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1799, 1800> an<* *8oi > dist Great Britain,

Ireland, and the Bricifh Plantations in America, and the West Indies.

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — continued.

2. ' 3. 4.

On the 30th September 1789: . On the 30th September 1790: /V On the 30th September 1791: On the 30th September 1792:

r Ships. Tons. 1 Men. < Ships. Tons. Men. ( Ships. Ton*. 1 Men. r Ships. Tons. 1 Men.

England - - 9oS» *.078,374 80,299 10,053 i,i34»53' 83.3*5 10,422 1,168,478 86,397 10,633 1,186,610 87,569

Jerky - - 80 5>8i4 575 84 5 >943 590 8l 6,144 649 91 6,851 728

Guernsey - - 77 5.86z 437 84 6,525 , 480 93 6,629 482 97 7,050 5*3

Man - - - 66 2.137 261 73 2,153 276 84 2,895 371 77 4»477 866

Plantations 1»511 87i35* 8,116 *>5*7 90,599 8,106 1 >685 96,545 8,260 ‘,745 103,316 8,389

Scotland - - 1,938 151,270 i3*°43 2,007 152,584 13,041 2,104 161,490 13,747 2,143 162,274 I3.49f

Ireland - - 1,080 64,364 6,231 1,136 68,483 6,738 1,176 69,230 6,638 1.193 69,567 6,730

Total - 14,3*° 1.3 9S>*7* 108,962 1S-°'J .,460,8*3 112,556 15.645 1,511,411 117,044 16,079 »>540,145 I 18,286

(continued.) 5- 6. 7. 8.

On the 30th September 1793: ... - On the 30th September 17945 — On the 30th September 17951 On the 30th September 1796:

r Ships. Tons. 1 Men. ( Ships. Tons. > Men. Ships. Tons. > Men. ( Ships. Tons. 1 Men.

England - - 10,779 1,206,778 87.393 IO>957 1,221,579 87,256 10,827 1,207,898 84,950 10,961 00 q aw 88,6*5

Jersey - - 92 6,787 I,o8o 96 5*970 710 73 5,126 496 79 5,20° 648

Guernsey - - 89 7.14* 66l 91 7>*3 599 86 6,139 583 101 7,3S° 586

Man - - - *77 4.«77 8lO 211 4,880 983 219 5.046 I1O23 214 4,864 1,025

Plantations 0\ no CO 111,204 9*491 2,216 133*4-79 11,204 2*411 148,840 12,127 2,669 158,799 13,200

Scotland - - 2,122 160,642 13,080 2,069 151,465 12,603 2,013 142,624 11,690 2,025 145,4*1 11,473

Ireland - - I,l8l 67,790 6,437 1,166 65,162 6,274 1,099 58,778 5.598 1,078 56,579 5402

Total - 16,329 1,564.520 118,952 . 16,8 c6 1.589,758 119,629 16,728 E574451 116,467 17,067 1,519,298 120,979

(continued) 9* IO* II. 12. 13.

On the 30th September 1797: XN On the 30th September 179S: yv On the 30th September 1799; On the 30th September 1800 t On the 30th September 1801s

Ships. Tons. Men. r Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tens. 1 Men. Ships. Tons. Men. r Ships. Tons. 1 Men.

England - - 11,045 1,248,046 9>>SSi u,*7S 1,287,384 95.303 n.487 1,337,181 99,309 12,208 1,466,632 105,037 12,702 1,539,810 107,282

Jersey - - - 62 4,309 5*5 59 4,117 649 61 4,611 694 S3 4>*44 63* 3s *,544 7*4

Guernsey - - 84 6,370 54* 78 6,u6 884 78 6,199 803 77 6,403 781 105 8,712 933

IUan - - - 216 4,895 i,o34 218 4.9*3 984 227 5,146 1,210 *38 5,463 1,285 253 5.094 .338

Plantations 2,498 160,989 14,218 2,664 172,481 14,872 2,996 201,743 15,982 2,161 57.364 12,047 3*9 240,786 13,310

Scotland - - i*95° 137,206 11,430 1,976 141,472 ii>935 2,031 148,110 12,413 *>55 161,807 13,883 MS8 186,130 *5,535

Ireland - - 1,048 53,181 5.104 1,025 49.988 4.9'9 999 49.8*5 4.83 s 1,003 $4,262 5'°57 Not recerred.

Total - 16,903 1,614,996 ,24>394 17*295 1,666,481 129.546 17.879 i,7S*,8iS *35*237 *7»895 1*856,175 138,721

The Returns from many of the Ports in the Plantations being unreceived, and others which are received Banding in Need of Correction, that Part of this Account which relates to the Year 1801, is from that Cause unavoidably defective; but I conceive that the Defect is not equal to the Amount of Shipping belonging to those Ports, because it always happens, that when the Returns from all the Ports in the British Empire are collected together, and checked by each other, some Alterations become necessary in most of them, owing to the Circumstance of Vessels being registered de novo at Ports to which they did not formerly belong, without the Knowledge of the Officers at such former Ports; I therefore do not presume to lay this Account before the House, as correct with respect to that Year.

May 15 th, 1802. Jm Dalley,

Affi* Regr Gen1 of Shipping.

V01. 57.

Appendik.

A. 1802

Appendix,

(No.

22*Maii, coniinuod.

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain — continued.

(No. 4.)

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Ambunt of their Tonnacf, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the fame, including their repeated Voyages, which Entered Inwards and Cleared Outwards in the several Bortt of Great Britain, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 180Z; drftinguishing each Year; and distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound; and distinguishing Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Plantations in Am erica, and the West Indies.

[ For this Account, durini Period between $tb January 1789 and $th January l$oi, fee Appendix, No. 40. Vol. 5 6. p. 850.]

In the Year i Soi.

ENGLAND. I N W A R D S OUTWARD S.

( ( 1

BRITISH. FOREIGN. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

COUNTRIES.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. ToH5. M.n. Ships. Tons. Men.

America -1 Co,onics 218 34.945 2,063 . 269 42,696 2.993

America United States - - 74 1 ,420 986 652 145,090 7.535 75 '7,388 1,042 652 145,540 7.795

Africa - - 14 2,825 29S 8 935 70 172 40-9S2 5.051 8 1,067 76

Azores - -- -- - Indu ded in Portugal.

Barbary - -- -- - 6 S3 2 276 20 5 663 41, 3 447 3*

Bremen Inclu< led in Germany. l

Botany Bay ----- - — — — "" " 7 *-779 2«3

Canaries ----- - 1 Cape de Verd ----- j Incl uded in Spain.

Courland ----- -- Included in Russia.

Cape of Good Hope - - - - 5 1,181 60 — — 11 3»i36 269 |

Dantzic - -- -- - 123 23,290 1,031 !5* 31,216 I,3H 28 4,865 234 66 18,994 70 6

Denmark and Norway - - - 229 34»57* »>895 6l6 1 *5-433 6,234 330 5 5 »2S6 2.957 611 121,514 6,375

East Indies (British) - - - - 57 49»7*9 5,670 2 1,601 224 59 50,113 1 5 >49° 5 1.933 39

D° - - (Foreign) - I 220 16 — — — 1 260 22

D° - - (Conquered) - - - 1 120 4°

Flanders ----- -- — — 64 4,825 273 — — — *7 2,421 140

Florida - -- -- - — — — 5 1,170 66 — — 2 652 33

France - -- -- - 81 4*7*1 44* 246 23,832 1.473 106 *i,*97 781 180 16,242 1.14S

Germany ----- -- *37 18,663 >»°97 396 42.899 2,102 281, 40,961 2,3681 387 53,018 2,520

Gibraltar and Streights - - - *9 2»774 159 ! — — 5° 6,965 426' 3 366 *5

Greenland and Davis's Streights 60 17,668* 2 3 7 4 53 15-639 2.142

Guernsey ----- -- 389 2^654 1,716 4 7*7 40 412 26,700 1.765 2 440 22

Jerky - - 75 6.905 400 2 255 »3 150 ft 1,516 7r7 1 ic6 7

Alderney ----- -- 3 171 M ! 22 1,526 99

Hambro' ----- -- 130 21,273 974 179 31,160 i-4'S ' 1 >7 17,675 921 250 39-434 1.937

Holland ----- -- 12 1,8.8 9* 845 62,508 3,610 ! 31 4,126 217 77 25,824 1.5*3

Honduras, Bay of ... - 6 1,612 99 — — — 1 22 6 291 396

Hud Ton's Bay ----- - 2 640 70 — - 2 700 60

Isle of Man ----- - *55 9,910 872 2 250 l6 1 296 11,683 94 1 2 382 21

Ireland - -- -- - 378,867 24,65.; 42 6-754 369: 4-327 331,417 20,264 2 35i 19

Italy 22 3,64. 289 *3 2,061 154 7,560 474 3* S-9C7 *99

Mdta - 9 «-9‘5 137 1 20c 12 13 2,021 26;' 1 177 10

Minorca ----- -- 16 15 170 — 11 1,805 114 4 576 3Z

Noptka Sound ----- - — 1 IOO 10

Portugal and Madeira - - 3*4 56,667 3>»48 109 14-710 927 167 *4.173 i.579; 174 36.43* 1,804

Bruffia - ----- -- 260 55-554 2,492 *>*35 '38-709 6,231 156 30.37* i>459 2,207 *'7-059 11 >3 31

Poland *7 3-994 213 18 *-347 119 12 *»755 132 8 1,121 6>

Queen Charlotte's I (lands - — - 2 454 55

Russia 726 158,89; 7*°77 135 *7.358 1,217 505 108,869 5.203 199 38,340 1,688

Southern Fishery - - - - 29 9*177 692 — — — 34 10,103 870

Spain and Canaries - - - . 2 l6l 6 204 32,090 i.7*7 22 3.17° >98 96 17,701 I, OOb

Sweden ----- -- 61 9,806 494 208 3*.789 1,827 51 8,292 4*9 158 26,085 i,4or

Turkey - -a-.--- 7 1,839 *7 2 *74 21 10 *.*35 *43

Venice - -- -- - 7 1.130 60 1 320 20 7 1,08; . 74 3*1 >6

West Indies (British) - - 506 154,059 9,366 — — — 5*4 158,950 10,24$

D° - (Conquered Colonies) - 3*5 82,209 5-7*3 1 170 9i *77 73,612 5,*24 562 36

Dp - (Foreign) - - - i5 3-859 3*5 21 4»542 255 j 6 *.*79 67 3

Total - - - 8,26^ 1,201,77c 75-3S6 5,066 7 24»71 37,3°6| 8,663 1,190,557 75>7°3 5-565 767,816 40,290

Trade and Navigation of Great Britain. — (4.) Account of VefTcIs Inwards and Outwards —

In the Year 1801. v —

SCOTLAND.

INWARDS. f OUTWARDS. 'N -n

COUNTRIES- r ' BRITISH. i FOREIGN. r BRITISH. FOREIGN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

f British Colonies 59 9-774 589 — —; 81 1 2)975 986| 66 >3>376

America united States- - 57 9-55° 631 7» 14,3a* 758 l 66 11,864 8601 i j 7*4

Dantzic ----- 3 276 - *7 — — —: 3 227 *5 ! 1 T896

Dcnniaik and Norway - 40 3*494 233 185 22 937 1,532 64 8,300 464! 94 7'z

Flanders . - . 1 ,25 8

France ----- — — — 1 172 6 — — — 1 216 11

Gibraltar and Strelghts - — 1 245 *5 2,961

Germany - 65 7*523 42 1 32 3,043 *43 90 9*3*7 530 25 *44

Greenland and Davis's Streights 11 2,929 401 — — — 11 2,929 402

Guernsey - 5 549 28 — — — 5 501 32

Hambro* - 3 395 21 6 424 19 4 321 21 1 62 S

Holland - — — 68 CO N 368 3 2S0 16 J5 2,050 *7

Ireland - " " 00 77>159 6,042 — — — 953 59>*76 4*521 1 132 8

I lie of Man - 55 1,463 l6l — — — 30 *45 *°7 ' *

Italy - - 2 *4* s — — — 1 127 7

Poland - - - 11 2,357 76 — — — 9 1.1S5 62 Co

Portugal and Madeira 3l 4422 27c 4 CO uy 32 *5 ,-S7° 13c 7 1,011

Pruflta - 9i 14,003 737 52 5*43^ 275 40 S>83« 323 43 4>39° 242

128 i5'948 9>5 — — — 88 11,001 635 1 230 12

Spain and Canaries - — — — 2 223 *5 2 241 *4

Sweden - - - 5° 3*533 255 10 I,l66 66 47 3,562 242 6 6*5 4*

West Indies (British) 72 16,626 1,256 — — — 68 16,839 M55

Conquered West India Colonies - 39 7,202 5S7 — — — 38 7>3z8 764

West Indies (Foreign) 3 5°4 3' 1 —

Total - 2,082 176,848 12,679 431 SS-444 3-2,4 1,619 155,064 11,601 261 37.064 2,124

.Appendix, (No. 80.)

220 A1 nit, continued.

J. Ai/A'v, .

A Aidant Regificr Gen1 of Shipping. j$ih May 1802.

1

VOL. 5/.

ii M

Appendix,

(No. 81.) 24* Mail.

A.n ACCOUNT of the Quantities of OAK PLANK and OAK TIMBER Imported into England,

YEARS. DEN M A R K. RUSSIA. SWEDEN. POLAND.

Oak: Oak: - - ' Oak: Oak:

Pianlc. 1 Timber. r PLnk. j Timber. l Plank. 1 Timber. ( Panic.,) Timber. j

Load contain* I. »aJ contaii - .

ing 50 Cubic u mji ^0 Cubic b Loads. feet. Loads. feet. Ljads. feet. Loads. feet. Loads, feet. Loads. feet. |

Fee:. u. Feet. u.

1776 - - " - - 39- 16 - - 21. s - - - - 1,532. 42 4C* 0

*777 - - - 77- 30 no. 35 - - *5- *5 58. 10 45- 43 I.9I7. 12 86. 38

77® - - - 16. 7 223. 3* - - 37- 40 21. 43 - - >»99>* 4 100. *7

*779 " - - - 4- 10 - - 114. 0 - - 0. 45 2,779. 46 83. 16

1 - - >13. 3° 2. 35 - - 124. 40 - - - 2,264. 7 26. 48

1781 - - - i. 0 - - 0. *5 - - - - 3,893. 10 30. 1

1781 - - - 3»992. 10 9- 28

1783 - - - 53- 4* - - m - 2, S82. 12 - -

1784 - - I. 43 0. 23 5- 0 22. 36 - - - . 2,167. 34 -

1783 - 1. 31 1. 28 0. 2S - - - - 0. 25 3,608. 8 8. 47

1786 - - 2. *3 2. 28 11. 20 131. 34 - - - 3.4:0. 37 8. 45

1787 - 2. 0 78. 36 3 6. 34 647- >3 18. 43 2,201. 11 29. '7

1788 - - - I. 49 3* 38 $3- 33 87a. 48 - - - >,893. 34 12. 18

1789 - - 1. 0 *4- 17 0. lS SC9. 47 IO. 0 - - 2,243. 22 1 I. 2S

1790 - 1- 0 34* 10 - - 843. 45 9- 33 - - 4,'04 % 8 >5- 20

1791 - - I. 0 2. *2i i. *3 849. 4+ - - - - to b Ol p 00 22. 36

1792 - - 1. *7 12. 21 *4- 21 ' 402. 33 . - - 1. 20 to -4- to 4* 00 14. 44

*793 - - - - 1. 33 0. 3i 528. 42 - - - - 4,109. 41 6. -7

*794 - - - *7- 49 S'- 27 0. 6 413* >8 I 6. 20 - - 4,085. 33.* 1. 48

>795 ‘ - - - - 0. 8 5* 14 106. *4s - - - m 3.647. 44 15 59

1796 - 2. 0 0. 18 0. 12± 290. 38 2. 21 \ - - 5,458. 15 6. 44

>797 - 136. 5 5- 0 8. 21 201. 9s - - - 3,929. 0 - -

1798 - - - 0. l3 2. 48 574- 49 - - - - 2,322. 9 98. 18

*799 - 1. 0 8. '9 O. 5 tt - - - - 5,082. Ip § '75- 29

1800 16. 16 300. 43 " " — t. 3,604. 8 20. 47 1

The above Account — continued*

FRANCE. SPAIN and CANARIES. ITALY and VENICE. IRELAND.

1776 - - - _ 28. 13 I. 25

*777 - - 142. 8 - - 22. 20 18. 0

1778 - - - 81. 4s 40. O l6. O 22. 7 00 0

>779 " - - - - It. 5 14. 10;

1780 - - - - 26. O !

1781 - - - 0. 25 -

178a - - - - S- 0

1783 - -

>784 - - - . - _ _

1785 - - - - 1. 27

1786 - -

1787 - - - - . 0. 10

1788 - - - - . m m

1789 - - - - m m

1790 - - - .

>79* - - - .

*79* - - - - .

*793 - - W -

*794 - - - 4. *61

*795 - - - lot. 26 -

*796 - -

*797 - - - 29. 1 - m m

1798 - - - - m

*799 - - - - m m

1 800 ' - 1

Inspector General's Office, Custom-H^use, London, a4'.h May 1S02. J

Appendix

42 Geo. Iff.

959

fjr Twenty £>e Years Lift pa*1; distinguishing the Places from whence imported, and each Year.

| PRUSSIA. j GERMANY. HOLLAND. FLANDERS.

I Oak: Oik: Oak: Oak:

H* Fank. 7 I Timer. j f PPnk. Timber. ( — Plank.,) Timber. f Plank. > Timber

feet. Loji*. ft 1. { Loads. f«t. Load*, feet. Loads. feet. Loads. feet. Loads, feet. Loads, feet.

766. 21 82. 12 1,658. 26 982. iS 2. O 95- 40 2. O

<,58. 3' 173- 28 1,94a. 15 1,127. 20 O. 20 20. >5 - - - .

997- 26 2C0. 33 1* 32- 47 89S- 45 - - - 10. 30 - - - - *

1 3*9- 47 |66. 54; t,22S. 25 7°i- 45 - - 5- 10 - _ - -

1.I32- 3 S3- 47; 789. l8 419. 1 3- 15 6. 20 -

0 I.*;-.;- 5 6x 4 *43- 30 4S9. 4s -

I 1 -;A S 19. / 1,4*3. 0 547- »S - - - 88. 25 16. 35

I >-,+' 6 5- 5 823. II 229. 46 1. l6 86. 0 32- 37 I. 30

1 1.-83. 4l 8. 23 i;j. 22 230. 7 - - - 34- 25 -

| I.S04. 3 17. 44 379- 44 136. 20 2. O 6. 4i - - .

1-710. 18 7- 42 224- 24 233* 36 2. 12 7- 26 -

1,100. 3? 58. 34 309. 9 72. 0 - m - 18. 1 -

846. 42 24* 33 180. 30 47. 24 - - - 7- H -

117. 6 2*4,3* 3; 121. 36 ii- !7 ——

508. 12 37* 26 17J. 10 I74‘ 9 1. *7 9- 45 2- 34. x. 43

*33- *3 69. 43 105. 16 559 »2 0. 4a -

169. 3* 75- 27 73- ,6 823 24 - - 2. 22 - 9- 37

3C6. 23 37- 3° i ' 162. 42 1,680. 45 - - 26. 4» - m

l,c8i. 14 62. 33 32*. 38 799. 21 i 3- *3 1. 0 7. 46 -

878. 9 18. 43 236.' 1 So8. 3 - - - m ~ -

1.107. 44 44- 22 907. 15 537- 391 - m - - - - m

1.469- 41 J2- 1 9- 46 22. 30 -

2.0S9. 36 I. 0 13. 21 83. 0 -

2*74- 39 33- 2 35- 12 209. l8 -

2,036. n 3 20. *3 *19. 17 i 5 31 - 9 m 20. 9 '

-3

h-

o

H

o

s

a

>1

5

5

w

J

s

8

TOTAL.

1 I Oak:

ISLES. 1 IT .*» TED STATES of AMERICA. ' BRITISH CONT 1 COLONIES. < Plank. Timber.

i . Loads, feet- Loads, feet.

- - - 56. 16 1 1 to 0 534- 22 4,056. 18 i«796- 35

- 3- 10 - 225. 35 360. 25 S.344- 3i I.971- ,39

- - - - m m - - no. 45 4.S24- 34 1,686. 27

- - - - - 5,406. 23 1,090. 20

- - - 3. O - . - - - 4»33i- 4* 633. 41

- - 4- 0 360. 0 6,694. 45 941. 25

- - - . - - - - 542- 45 7»494- 4° 1.135- 40

- - 26. 25 1,388. 21 N° 233* 0 V 23- 29 23. 22 6,594. 32 N« 659. 20 P»

- m *9>918 > 369- 3° 335 148.45 U5. 0 - 19,918; & 3,97*. 10 33S5 & 545- 9

m 535- 23 932. s 26. 30 663. 41 6,359. 6 1,769. 31

668. 46 712. 23 270. 0 1x6. 36 6,310. 30 1,231. 20

- 2,634. 3* ».39®- 33 685. 10 681. 39 6,988. 19 2,984- 33

- M77- 3S 1,283. 45 143. 3 5.19*- 4« 4,407. 26 7,445- a3i

- 421. 22 813. 46 i, S°4. 28 a»775- 4> 4,424. 29 5,859. 46

- - 630. I3 1,129. 4° 4- 0 51- a9 5,839. 32 2,298. 17

- - 568. 1 3-094- 39 - - 701. 30 2,860. 33 5,280. 26 f

- m 1,624. 20 3.4"- 33 - - 370. IO 5,126. 14 5,124. 21

- 1,064. 10 3,434. 28 1. 26 446- 37 5,705. 13 6,163- 33 s

- - 8S. 6 Si 4. 22 - - 489. 16 5,623. 25 £ 2,641. 15 i

- - 140. 38 M-6- 34 - - 169. 30 4.908. 6 f 2,446. 47 i

- j 35*- at J 2,1 jo. 13 i 10. 10 377. 16 7,840. 40 i 3-397- 4>

- - 53*- 391 1,958. ao 7- 4* 702. 45 6,103. 44 f 2,951. 61

- - 40S. 12 1,368. 15 23- 28 76a. 15 4.860. 4 2,902. 47

- - 130. 5 1,739. 46 *3- 46 894. 8 7.737- 27 3,060. 2 2

89. l8 2,065. 38 96. 3 1 365- 4^ 5,561. 16 3,324. 13

Appendix, (No. 81.) 2 4°

William Irvi'ig,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Appendix,

(X ,. S, )

25* Mali.

Navy Office, 1 An ACC0UNT of the Quantity of TIMBER and PLANK 19th May 1802. S

✓ SPECIES. In 1780. 1781. 1782. 1783. 00 1785. 1786. 1787. 1788. 1789.

Timber Oak English Loads. 15.093 20,178 >9°55 x7>94° 22,764 37405 3*456 26,648 33.424 34,210

Foreign ... - 7*8 494 256 >45

American - —

Elm *.338 2,292 2,329 i,680 1,713 1,516 1,821 1.4+3 1,799 2,201

Batch ----- -- 507 768 651 '494 570 624 443 43* 54* k 892

Alh 156 149 '3* 93 88 102 44 *'3 88 88

Fir, Norway - - - "

Dantzick - - - ► 5,566 4,895 4,528 4*203 4*739 3.633 3*375 3.334 3,617 4, H4

Riga " . *

Thickftuff Oak, English - - - 878 1,407 2,410 1,268 *,5*3 3,387 2,480 *.7*5 3-9'* 2,384

Foreign - - - 108 102 53 — - - 18 - -

Plank Oak, English, and 3 Inches 2,223 2,176 1,938 1,921 1,882 2,128 2,127 I»7°S 2,238 2,528

Dantzick, 4£ to 3 - - 1,320 2,309 2,346 1,506 1,292 *.358 *»346 X*4X3 >,537 1,800

Elm of Sizes - - - - 403 145 443 3*3 263 220 381 306 250 >9*

Beech of Sizes - - - 108 258 >94 118 - - 70 72 140 97

A. S. Hamond.

f/. Duncan.

An ACCOUNT of the Stock of TIMBER that would be desirable or necessary to be kept in the respective Yards, for the

1

effectual and constant Repairs, Re-building, and keeping up the Navy.

Oak Timber and Knees, including Rough and Sided - - - - 70,000 Loads.

Which is calculated to be sufficient for Three Years Consumption in all the Yards.

A. S. Hamond.

H. Duncan.

J. Henfiow. Wm Rule.

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

961

fcJ in Jfu Majesty'* Navy, from 1.1 January 1780 to 3,* December l8o,.

APP«ld Lr# (No. 8a.) 2 S' Math

confinttejt.

Am \ C C O U N T of the Contract Prices for TIM no j r a xt it -ju »

IBER and PLANK, paid by the Commissioner^ of His Majesty'*

avt nee the Year 1770, to the latest Period the same can be made up.

BRITISH TIMBER Mid PLANK.

OAK TIMBER in i Ronjh State.

Por Streight of 100 Feet Meetings AnJ Compass of 96 -

Streigh?, from 100 to 190 Feet m

Compais - 96 to 182 - m

Streight - - 190 to 270 m

Compass - - 1S2 to 259 - -

S'rcight - - ICO to qo

Compass - - 96 to Sb - -

Streight - . 90 to 80 _

Coni pals - - tS to 77 - -

btrcigr.t - - So to 70

Compass - 77 to 67 -

Compafi - - 67 to 53 - -

Prices paid from the Year 1770 to January 1795.

£ A. d.

4 10 6

and o 10 o per Load in

Addition, in Consideration that no Tops are to be re* ceived but what are de<* feribed in the Contracts*

£ tm

Per Load.

4 5°

and 030 per Load in

Addition, in Consideration that no Tops are to be received but what are described in the Contract*.

Advances One Shilling in every Five Feet,

Advances Sixpence in every Five Feet.

Falls One Shilling in every Five Feet.

Falls Two Shillings in every Five Feet.

Falls Two Shillings and Sixpence in every Five Feet.

Falls Three Shillings in every Five Feet.

The h'ghefl Contract Meetings are,

Srcighc, from 270 to 230 Feet Compass - - 259 to 220 The lowest - - Screight - - 70 to 60

Compass - - 53 to 45

N. B. — Two Shillings per Load Advance is given for what is delivered at ShcerneCs Yards; and until the \ car 177 j, the like Advance was given fox Plymouth Yard,

Pricer paid from January 1795 to the present Time.

Yoi

c

II N

9 6i

Appendix.

A. 180a.

Appendix.

(No. 8 2.)

*5* Matty cntuamd.

ACCOUNT of the Contrail Prices for Timbee and Plane — <ontizutd.

Dm Timber, too Feet Meetings ..

And for larger or smaller Timber, the same Advance or Decrease, as in the same of Oak Timber, as herein Hated.

The highed and lowed Contrail Meetings are also the same as those of Streight Oak Timber, which are dated above.

Price per Lowl from the Year 1770 to September 1800.

£ s. d.

3 — "

Except for Plymouth Yard, which was £. 3. 10/. until the Year 1773, and for Sheerness Yard, which was £.y 2/. all the above-mentioned Period.

Beech Timber of 100 Feet Meetings....

And for larger or smaller Timber, the same Advance or Decrease, as in the same of Oak Timber, as herein dated.

Price per Load from Sept* 1&00 to the present Time.

£ t. d.

336

Except for Sheerness Yard, whichh^s been/.3. 5/. 6</. all the abovemcniioned Period.

Price per Load from the Year 1770 to the present Time.

L

2

S. d.

16 —

Except for Sheerness Yard, which has been /. 2. 18 /.

Alh Timber, of every Size — There has been no fixed Price, and it has frequently varied since the Year 1770.

the Price given at that Period was /. 3. 10/. per Load. The lad Price wa; £ 4; but in the intermediate Period, /. 2 14 —

3 — —

.3 13 6 and 3 15 — have been paid for i t.

Price per Load Price per Load Price per Load

from the Year 1770 from January 1795 from March 1797

♦ . to January 1795* to March 1779. to the present Time.

£ > </ £. s. d. £ t. d.

English Oak Plank of Inches 7 — — 786 8 ,5 -

t a 6 6 7 — 7 19 ~

Elm Plank of Inches 3

Beech Plank of Inches 3 -

Price per Load from the Year 1770 to the present Time.

4 — —

4 10 — 3 10 —

A. S. Hamond. ff. Duncan, Henfoiv. W*. Rule.

ESTIMATE of the Cherge of Guards. Garrisons, and other His Majesty's LAND FORCES, in the United (No. 83-)

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following; both inclusive; 2* Juv.ii.

bong 18} Days.

CORPS.

'* ^Juds^! } of Herrington'i li D* - Lord Cathcart's *

RXfe Gwd! } Dulte of Richtnond'‘

tftReg'ofDra- goon Guards 1 sd - D* - -

jd - D° - -

4th - D* - -

Jth - D* - -

6th D* .

7th D* -

id Regiment of I

Dragoons sd - D» -

jd - D* -Ath - D" -6th - D* -7th - D* -

9<h D* -loth - D* -I ith - D* -lath . D* -13th - D*; 14th D* -i$ h D* -16th - D* . 17th - D* -l8ih D* . sod* -1> -

Sir W» Aog* Pitt's

The Match's Townlhcrd'a S W*F , eu's - - General V. -rdc's ... General Bland's -

The Karl of Carhampton'a Su WiUum

Major C, n1 Garth's - -

Ger»r*v David Dundy's Lora Grey's - -

Sir Robert Sloper'i -Earl of Pembroke's - -

Lord Paget's ..

S r James 5* Clair Erfkir.c\ The Ponce of Wales's Marqu s Loihian's -

Mr James Stewart's - -

Gen Grain's . - - - ij

Lieut. Gen* Egerton'* -The Duke of Cu-.beGai J s Gene -I i- c -

Lu jt. Gc 1 Dc Larcey's -Marquis of Drogheda's -Lord Heainfield's.

393

,*GuMd^.°°! }Tb* Doke of Gloucester's Cokillreaaa D* The Duke of York's - -

jd . D»

3d Reg* of F001.

4th - D*

5ih - D* .

Sitk - n° r -

tc^h n° *

13th - D* -

14 h . i>° *

i$tti -1>* r t

16th - La

17th - D* .

I8:h D° — —

moth - Da

lift . D*

mad - m

14th - I>

a6ih - I)® .

*7th - P" - -

mScb - ?) „

jotb - D° T

jut - D- - -

J2d -

34th - D° - -

JS'h }> -

36th . D° - .

)8th -

39th - n* - -

40 th - i) - .

D° - -

41^ - D* -

44 th - l» - -

45W . D* - .

46.h h* -

47h . D® -

48th m D*

General Haii's - - -Earl of Chatham's - -

Major Gcr.1 I 'inland's Lieut. Ger1 Bertie's Lieut. Gen1 Kox'i - -

General Airs, e's.

Guncnl Hotaim'i - -

Genera' Powell's - .

Lieut. Gen* Bowyer's -Confnl Garth's - -

Sir James Pulteney's Lieut, tirnrr.'.l Leigh's -General Hamilton's Lieut. General Smcoc's -Gen1 Richard Whyte's -Lieut. General Gordon's Lord Cla nr '$ General Prelcott's - -

Major Gcn1 Manners's-Lord MuJgrave'a Earl of RoU'a Lord Southampton's General Fletcher's General S* John's General RvX)ke's - -

Lieut. General Eal'ojir's Sir Get rgc Gib-m's Sir H^or Munro's General Smith's

General Rainslord's Lieut. General Lifter's Sir Jair.e; Craig's General Ptlrym pie's General Tunyn's

Carried forward -

691

55$

55s

555

5C5

555

555

555

555 555 555 555 555 555 555 555 555 555 f 5; 555 555 555 555 555

a,68j i»68 t 1,681

1

1

1

843

Hi

fi43

s43

843

*43

i 843

8+J

843 843 843 843 843 s45 843

843

843

«43 «43 843 84} 843 84;

843 843

843 84J 843 843 843 843 *43

8«

|- 84J

28, t6:

20,611

7i®.9"9

7

Pay and Charge of Annual

Daily Allowance of Commissioned Cloathing for Allowances to

ERS. Officers, Non.com mi ffioned AGENCY. Captains

Non-com mi ffioned Officers, Officers and and

and Private Men. Private Men. Riding Masters.

£ X. d. /. £ /. d. £ ' d.

mo8

- - \ 32,590 9 6 3*467 4 7 ♦S3 *5 II 633 — —

26,617 18 — 2.743 11 3 36s 12 9 506 8 —

T 26,617 18 — 2*74 3 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

- 26,617 18 — 2»743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

- 26,617 18 — 2»743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

- 26,617 18 — 2»743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

- - 26,617 18 — 2>743 ti 3 365 12 9 506 8 — *

- 26,617 18 — *743 11 3 365 la 9 jc6 8 —

26,617 18 — 2»743 11 3 3 *5 12 9 506 8 —

26,617 l8 — 2*743 11 3 36> 12 9 506 8 —

26,617 18 — 2>743 11 3 36s 12 9 506 8 —

- 26,617 18 — 2*743 11 3 3f5 12 9 506 8 —

26,617 I8 — 2*743 11 3 36S 12 9 306 8 —

26,617 18 — 2»743 t r 3 365 12 9 506 8 — *

' 26,617 18 — 2-45 11 3 36,' 12 9 506 8

- 26,617 18 — 2>743 i f 3 365 |2 9 506 8 —

1 26,617 18 — 1 a*743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

1 26,617 *8 — 2*743 11 3 365 im 9 506 8

j 26,617 18 — 2*743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

! 26,617 18 — 2.743 II 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

m 26,617 18 — 2,743 11 3 36; 12 9 506 8 —

26,617 18 — 2»743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

; 26,617 18 — 2,743 II 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

26,617 18 — 2743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 —

13,456

m m - - - - f -

- - 0 -

6,047

20,911 3 2 2,327 *3 9 23* 0 7 473 '5 —

20 911 3 2 2»327 *3 9 231 O 7 473 >S

_ 20,91 3 2 2*327 *3 9 231 Q 7 473 «5 —

30»9l1 3 2 2.327 *3 9 231 O 7 ♦7 3 *5 —

20r9!I 3 2 2,327 *3 9, 23‘ Q 7 473 '5 —

20*91 3 2 2.327 M 9 231 0 / ♦73 IS —

20,911 3 2 2>327 J3 9 2V O 7 473 'S —

20*91* 3 2 2.327 *3 9 231 O 7 473 '5 —

20.9*1 3 2 2.327 >3 9 231 0 7 473 »S —

20,9* 1 3 2 2027 *3 9 231 Q 7 473 »S —

m 20,9*1 3 a 2.327 *3 9 231 O 7 473 >5 —

m 2C,9rI 3 2 2,327 *3 9 131 O 7 473 «S !

_ 2091* 3 2 2.327 *3 9 231 O 7 473 IS —

20*911 3 2 2,327 >3 9 231 O 7 473 'S

m 20 91* 3 2 2,327 >3 9 231 0 7 473 >S —

20*91 3 a 2,327 *3 9 231 0 7 473 »5 —

_ ^0,911 3 2 2,327 13 9 231 0 7 473 IS —

20,9* 1 3 2 2.327 *3 9 231 0 7 473 IS V

to 91* 3 2 2.327 *3 9 231 0 7 473 «S

20 9! 3 2 2*327 *3 9 231 0 7 473 i'S ""

1 20 91 3 2 2,327 *3 9 231 0 7 473 <5 1

20,9* 1 3 2 2*327 *3 9 43* 0 7 473 '5 —

20 9* 3 2 2,32 7 *3 9 23* 0 7 473 «S i

20.911 3 2 2.327 13 9 231 0 7 473 'S "" I

20 911 3 2 2*327 *3 9 23i 0 7 473 IS

20 9* 1 3 2 2,327 *3 9 ! Q 7 473 'S "T '

! 2C 9n 3 2 2iJ^7 *3 9 23» O 7 473 i$

1 20.911 3 2 2,327 *3 9( 1 231 O 7 473 «S —

i 20,9* 1 3 2 2.327 *3 9 O 7 473 IS —

1 20.911 3 2 2*327 *3 9 23* O 7 473 '5 —

20,9*1 3 2 2.327 *3 9; 231 O 7 473 IS —

20,911 3 2 2,327 13 9; *3i O 7 473 IS —

20,911 3 2 2.327 *3 9 i 231 O 7 473 '5 —

- 20.911 3 2 2.327 *3 9 i 231 O 7 47? >s I 1

total charge

PER ANNUM.

£ s. 4 33,028 ——

32,714 ——

31,602 — —

79,141 7 6, 7,871 19 10:16,107 io —

37.144 IO —

3°*33 IO

3°*333 IO

30.333 IO —

30,233 IO

3°»*33 10 —

30*33 10 —

30*33 10 —

30,233 10 —

30.233 10 —

30.233 10 — -

3o.333 IO

30.233 10 —

30.233 to —

30,233 10 —

30,233 10 —

30,233 10 —

3°,*33 10 —

30,233 10 —

30*33 10 ~

30.233 10 —

30,233 10 —

30,233 10 ~

30,233 IO

89,219 __

55*863 —

SS.863 — -

*3*944 *3*944 *3-944 3

23944 3

*3-944 *3 944 - ?3-944 3 *3-944 *

*3,944 3

*3-944 3 *3-944 *3*944 3 *3*944 *3*944 *3*944 3 *3,944 3 *3*944 3 *3*944 3 33>944 3 *3 944 3 *3-944 3 *3-944 3 *3*944 *3*944 3 *3-944 3 *3-944 3 *3-944 3 3 3 -944 3 *3.944 3 *3 944 3 *3-944 3 *3*944 3 *3,944 3 *3*944 3

97*344 — T

|8i4, IOO 5 -

731,513 «-

200,955 ~

1,030,814 —

Vo I*. 57-

Append!*

Appendix, (No. 83.) a* Junii,

continued.

A* 1802,

The Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, &c. — continued.

CORPS*

roth Reg* of Foot, Izd - D® - -

53d - D® - -

56th - D° - -

57th - D° - -

58th - D° - -

roth - D° - -

6rft D* - -

6sd - D° - -

63d # - D® - -

65th - D® - -

66th D® - -

67th - D® - -

69th - D® - -

70th - D° -

71st - D® - -

72d - D® - -

79th - D® -

81st . D® - -

8zd - D® - -

83d D® - -

87th - D* - -

89th - D° - -

Brought forward - -

Sir James Dufrb's Major Gener I Moore's-General Crosbie's - -

General Norton's Gen1 John Campbell's -General Scott's -

Lieut. General RoiV's -Major Gen1 FL.vett's -General Matnew's -Earl of Balcarres's - -

Licur. General S cvcns's Earl of Clanricardc's -General Brovnvs - -

Lieut. General Cuyler's Earl of Suffolk's Gen1 Honble W. Gordon's Lieut. Gen1 Stuart's Colonel Cameron's - -Lieut. General Johnson's Lieut. General Pigot's Lieut. Gen1 Balfour's -Major General Doyle's -Lieut. General Ogilvie's

A Riflemen1 °- } Colonel Manningh*m's -

„7'*'e 1 L‘ Colonel Hamilton's

Waggon Train J

The Staff Ccrp?, Lieut. Colonel Brown's Garrisons ——

Total per Annum for Great Britain and Ireland ....

Which, for 183 Days, from the 23th! June 1802 to the 24th December > following, both inclusive, amounts to 3

Deduct - - on Account of the Dif-' ference between British and i:i(h ( Currency, for the Force proposed to be Rationed in Ireland

Remains to be provided

Of which, the Proportion of Charge 1 for Great Britain, is - - - - 3

For Ireland

Together, as above

NUMBERS.

28,662

843

84*

8+3

843

*+3

o 3 84.3

843

84!

843

843

844 8+3 8+3 843 843 843 843 8+3 8+3 843

843

843

20,611

48,051

843

*59|

233

502

70.299,

Pay and Daily Allowance of Com mi (Honed Officer*, Non-commi (Honed Officers, and Private Men.

X. d.

7IO979 7 8

20,91 I 3 2

209U 3 2

1 20,91 I 3 2

; 20911 3 2

20 911 3 2

20,911 3 2

20 9! 1 3 c

20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

I 20,911 3 2

2C\9lr 3 2

1 20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

20,911 J 2

20,911 3 2

20,91 I 3 2

20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

jo. 911 3 2

20.911 3 2

20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

20,911 3 2

9,672 10

6,450 11 4

34^43 1 10

1,908615 10 4

Charge of Cloathing for Non-com mi ffioned Officers and Private Men. AGENCY. Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers.

£ X. d. X. d. £ ( X. d.

79»,41 7 6 7*871 *9 10 16,107 10 — i

2.327 !3 9 231 xo 7 473 15 —

2.327 *3 9 231 10 7 473 ls —

2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 r5 ~

2.327 >3 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

2,327 *3 9 231 to 7 473 ls —

2*327 >3 9 .23* 10 7 473 *5 —

2*3=7 13 9 231 10 7 473 15 —

2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

2,327 >3 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

2*327 >3 9 23! 10 7 473 *5 — j

2.327 13 9 231 10 7 473 *5 - 1

2*327 13 9 231 10 7 473 l5 - !

2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 l5 — !

2.327 *3 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

2,327 *3 9 231 xo 7 473 !5 ~ j

2,327 *3 9 231 10 7 473 ls — 1

2,327 13 9 23! 10 7 473 15 " i

2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 *5 -

2,327 >3 9 231 10 7 473 >5 —

2,^27 9 251 10 7 ' 473 >5 —

2.327 13 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 —

2>327 *3 9 231 10 7 473 15 -

2*327 13 9 231 10 7 473 *5 —

8gq — 90 — — 8q —

760 — 64 — — 80 —

782 2 2 - - 55 —

203,917 3 — 22,446 3 — 59,97214 —

TOTAL CHARCE PER ANNUM.

£ 4- i-

*3.944 3*944

23.944

23.944

23.944

23.944 *3-944 2 3'944 *3'944 *3'944 23>944 *3-944

23.944

2 3-944 2 3*944 23>944 2 3-944

23.944

*3>944

23-944

*3 944 *3,944 *3,944

£ 4.

>.038,814

>,364^J 2 6 *3 944 6 10,642 10 —

7,354 4 35,680 4-

1,473,250 10 4

1,240,013 j j

36,586 6 4

1,203,426 19 1

764,391 3-439.035 16 t

r,:03426 19 I

War-0 fice, 7 2d June 1802. 3

C. YorU %

.2 GEO. III.

-Appendix.

965

ESTIMATE of the Charce of His Majesty's Forces in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those at Gibraltar, at Civlos, and in New South Wales; from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being

i3j D.t>s. '

Appendix,

(No. 8

20 Jun

continued.

CORPS.

8:h P.rr' rf I Drjg'j ).is ,:g c:r Robert Lamic's - -

1.1 P«;' of 1 Fo- "] ► 1 he Duke cf Kent's

TwO o.l'.t.i'i lofij J 1

21 - \y - - G - n r l Coates's - -;

1 Q O - Pi irce William's

: \ - - Sir AlureJ CHrkc's

P:'i . L* - - RJph DundasN

It h - I. - - (j".v'r..I Gran.'s - *

2?J - I)' - - Gener.l GreruilL's - '

2;th - I)* - - I ord Cinrre Lc: nox % -!

*/.» - I)' - - Lirut (» m ral Forbcs*»

3;.!, - n» - - vv i. H xv !) Irym: le's -

4:1 - :> - - S r Thomas Stirling's -

4;th - P* - - General Maitland's -

54th - D* - - M ijor General Baird's -

5 v"1 - !> - - General To: enham

Rov I A me iean Six B^ttalioi s Ri The Duke of York's -1

6^th Reg1 of Foot, General I.eland's - -

64-h - 1> - - - Sir Thomas Trigge's

Pj:h - D* - - - Major General Nugent's

numb r; r s

,6o6

555

C done! Grufj'i Regiment

lit \V7fl India Rrgf, Lieut. General Wh; tc* si - Da - Myjor Gen1 Myers's

3d - D* - - - Major Gen'Keprcl's

4th - D* - - - M ijor Gen1 Nicolls's

5 h - D° - - - Colonel Calvert's

6th - D* - - - Major Gon Whitclockc'*

«43

*43

*>43

»43

«43'

s43

S43

843 843 84 3 843 843 843

5.058

843

843

843

P *y and

Da 'v Al "uvwire of ned

OiBc.is. Non-commissioned

Charge of Cloaihin^ for

Non-c tuin liiuned Oii.ieii, anil Private Men.

Officers, and Private Men.

GARRISONS, Arc.:

Q ~vrc, Montreal, lTpp-r Canada, \Toval Sv*.tu, New Drunswick, Cape I> cion, I St. )! hn's and PI icer.m in Newfoundland, j

ar»d Swim JuiinN iilu.d - -J

555

692

692

692

692

692

692

Jamaica, Grenada, St Vincent, and Dominica Gibraltar ——

Ofnccr. fe. x i g xxith His M :;efly'« Forces in 1 North Atuiica, the West Indies, and C Gibraltar - - - - J

Cficm of the Hospitals serving with the said 1

k\tCC* - . J

Total

24,936

Dcd ft - the Charge of Four B ittalionO ot Foot, to be paid by the Hi and of > Jamaica - - - - J

Remains to be provided -

Which, for 183 Days, from the 25th! June 1 So2 10 the 24th December* ioiloxving, both inclusive, amounts to}

AGENCY.

Annual

Allowances

to

- Captains and

Riding Mailers.

c d. £- /. d. c- /. d. c- s. d\ r £

26.617 18 2*743 11 3 365 12 9 506 8 - -

41,822 6 4 4 655 7 6 463 1 2 947 10 — 47,888 5

20,911 3 2 2*327 *3 9 231 IO 7 473 >5 — *3.944 2 6

20 911 3 2 2,327 13 9 *3« IO 7 473 *5 — *3.944 2 6

20,91 r 3 2 2*5 27 x3 9 23! IO 7 473 »S — *3.944 2 6

20,9: 1 3 2 2,327 3 9 231 IO 7 473 S — *3-944 2 6

20,911 3 2 2,327 >3 9 23 I IO 7 473 'S — *3-944 2 6

20,911 3 2 2,327 »3 9 231 IO 7 473 5 — *3,944 2 6

20,91 1 3 2 2*327 13 9 231 10 7 473 >5 — *3.944 2 6

> 20 911 3 2 2.327 13 9 ,23l to 7 473 >5 — *3.944 2 6

20,911 3 2 2,327 *3 9 231 10 7 473 >5 — *3-944 2 6

20 911 3 2 2>527 *3 9 231 IO 7 473 — *3-944 2 6

20.91 I 3 2 2,327 13 9 231 IO 7 473 '5 — *3-944 2 6

20,911 3 2 2,327 13 9 231 IO 7 473 '5 — *3-944 2 6

20,911 3 2 2»327 *3 9 231 IO 7 473 *5 — *3»944 2 6

1 25,466 !9 — 13,9^6 2 6 1,389 3 6 2,842 10 — 143,664 15 —

20,911 3 2 2»327 !3 9 23 i 10 7 473 *5 — 2 3*944 2 6

20,911 3 2 *»327 *3 9 23! 10 7 473 *5 — 23>044 2 6 .

20,911 3 2 2,327 13 9 231 10 7 473 >5 — 23.944 2 6

14.587 *7 9 i»S?6 *7 6 174 >7 5 379 — — 16,718 12 8

18,170 *9 4 i*933 J3 10 I96 9 2 379 — — 20,680 2 4

18,170 *9 4 L933 l3 10 I96 9 2 379 — — 20,680 2 4

CO ^4 O *9 4 1 »93 3 l3 10 I96 9 2 379 — — 20,680 2 4

18,170 *9 4 L933 l3 10 I96 9 2 379 — — 20,680 2 4

l8, I70 *9 4 *933 «3 10 I96 9 2 379 — - — 20,680 2 4

18,170 *9 4 *933 *3 10 I96 9 2 379 — — 20,680 2 4

25,494 652,099 7 9

">,787

7,275 >9 *

TOTAL CHARGE PER ANNUM.

14,529 8 —

War-Ottice, 2d lune 18^2.

C. Torke.

£' ». 1

30,233 IO

7*5.458

®>3oo

18

3S*,8

44

OL.

II o

Appendix,

(No- 83 )

'pi.'!'.

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th of March 1802 to the 24th of June following, both inclusive; being 92 Days.

General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey Ditto in Ireland ----- --- - #J£*I5>02 4* 3-

Which Sum of £.15,024. 3. 2. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total -

Cnjrgc for Days.

£ J. d.

13,847

13,8^8 9 1

27*7*5 9 *

War-Office, 1 C.

2d June 1802. J

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in thfc United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th June 1802 to thr 2*th December following, both inclusive 5 being 183 Days.

Charge for 183 Days.

General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in Great Britain,! Guernsey, and Jersey - J

Ditto with the Forces in Ireland - . - - - # £ 8,646. 15. Irish

£. s. d.

17,232 16 10

This Sum of 8,646. 15. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

7,981 12 4

Total

- £

25,214 9 2

War-Office, 7 C. Yorke.

ad June 1802. J

PARTICULARS of the Annual Charge of the General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following. y

GREAT BRITAIN, Sc c.

Commander in Chief - - - _ -

Four Aides de Camp -Secretary ——

One Lieutenant General -Two Aides de Camp -

Four Major Generals -Four Aides de Camp -

One Adjutant General -

One Deputy Adjutant General

Quarter Master General -

Two Deputy Quarter Mailers General

Barrack Master General -

Ten Aides de Camp to the King

Two Inspectors of Cloathing -

Two Assistant Quarter Mailers General

Four Majors of Brigade -

Chaplain General -

Physician General- -

Surgeon General - - " -

Inspector of Regimental Hospitals

Apothecary General

Principal Veterinary Surgeon -

each £.172 17 6

£. s. d.

3 457 i° —

691 10 —

172 17 6

each

each

172 17 6

691 10 — 172 17 6

1,383 ——

345 15 —

2,766 — — 691 10 —

each 345 15 — -

each 189 9 — ( -

3+5 15 —

259 6 3 -

172 17 b

Charge per Annum.

£ ' d.

4*3 21 17 6

1,728 15 —

3*457 10 —

345 15 —

345 15 —

345 *5 -r-

691 10 —

691 io —

1,894 10 ' S

691 10 —

518 I 2 6

691 IO —

345 15 —

172 17 6

172 17 6

l7z 17 6

172 17 6

172 17 6

General Commanding in North Britain Three Aides de Camp -Secretary -

Major General -

One Aide de Camp -

One Deputy Adjutant General One Deputy Quarter Mailer General One Major of Brigade -

Carried forward *

each

172 17

6

2,074. 10 — 51812 6

172 17 6

691 10 — 172 17 6

L - -

2,766

864

J72

I72

I72

21,083

7 6 17 6 17 6 17 6

12 11

Brought forward

Baggage Mailer and Inspector of the Roads

Deputy Judge Advocate, and Clerk of the Courts Martial

Commissary of Stores and Provisions -

Commandant of the Forces at Guernsey as Major General -One Aide dc Camp ——

One Major of Brigade

Commandant of the Forces at Jersey as Major General One Aide dc Camp -

Major of Brigade

MEDICAL STAFF for the FORCES In CREAT BRITAIN, See.

One Infp'-stor of Hospitals

Two All'll ant Inspectors -

Three Pnyliei.ins

One Purveyor

Ten Surceons

Six Apothecaries

Five Deputy Purveyors -

Six Hospital Mates Forty D*

each £.34; 15 —

34S >5 —

172 17

6

172 17 6

172 17 6

69I IO ---

172 17 6

691 10 — 17217 6

518 12 6 691 10 — *>°37 5 —

43* 3 9

1,728 15 —

i>°37 5

864 7 6

each £. 136 17 6

91 5 —

821 5 —

3,650 ——

6,309 9

4>47r 5 —

Charge per Annunj.

Total for Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Which, for 183 Days, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, 7 *

inclusive, amounts to - - -3

£ d.

21,083 12 11

86 8 9

7* l7 6

172 l7 6

864 7 6

*72 17 6

864 7 6

172 17 6

23>59° 6 8

10,781 3 9

34>37i >o s

17,232 16 10

Appendix,

(No.* 83.)

2° Juntty continued.

IRELAND:

Commander of the Forces Four Aides dc Camp -Secretary -

Four Mijcr Generals F'our Aides dc Camp -

Three Brigadier Generals Quarter M iftrr General -Adjutant General -Drputy Quarter Mailer General Deputy Adjutant General Two Inspectors of Cloathing -Two Joint Physicians General -One Surgeon General One Director General of Hospitals Ten Staff Surgeons Two Staff Apothecaries -Seventeen Holpiial Mates

each £. 182 to —

3,650 — 730 — 182 10 —

each 730 — —

each 182 10 —

2,920

730

547 10 —

- each

each

365 ——

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

91 S — -

4,562 10 —

3.650 —

1,642 10 —

365 — 365 — — 730 — -365 — 182 10 — 912 10 — 1,825 ——

36S ——

1,551 5 —

Total

Which, for 183 Days, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, ^both inclusive, amounts to ——

This Sum of £. 8,646. 15. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to For Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from above -

Total

£ 17,246 5 —

- 8,646 15 —

- 7,981 12 4

- 17,232 l6 IO %

£ 25,214 9 2

I - c. Yorke.

2d June 1802. J

\ oi. 57.

9 68

Appendix

Appendix,

(No. 83.)

2° >«//,

continued.

d* 1802.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India; from the 25th March 1S02 to the 24th June following, both inclusive; being 92 Days.

NUMBERS. CHARGE per Annum.

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's: £ ' d- £ i. 7

Pay 711 - - 28,093 7 I!

Cloathing 3*437 2 7

Agency - 454 l 5

Allowances to the Captains, Paymader, and Riding-Mader - - - - 782 4 —

32,7& 1; 11

25th Ditto - - Lieut. General Gwyn's - - the same - - 7* - - 32,766 15 it

27th Ditto - - Lord Dorcheder's - - - the same - - ;it - - 32,766 lj 11

29th Ditto - - 'Lieut. General Vyfc's - - - the same - - 711 s.8441 32,766 15 11 131,067 j 8

The loth Regiment of Foot, Lieut. General Fox's: ' '

Pay i*375 - - 19,640 l8 11

Cloathing 3>944 10 4

Agency - - 312 7 7

Allowances to the Captains, Paymader, and Serjeants - 74 10 -

24,6:9 6 10

12th Ditto - General Pi&on's - - - *>375 - - 24,6:9 6 10

19th Ditto - - Lieut. General Hulfe's - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 to

33d Ditto - - Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

5id Ditto - - Lieut. General Morfliead's - - v the same - 1 »37 5 - - 24,639 6 10

6id Ditto - - Major General Hewett's - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

73d Ditto - - Lieut. General Harris's - - - the same - 1 *375 ' - - 24,639 6 10

74th Ditto - - Lord Hutchinson's - - - - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

75th Ditto - - Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

76th Ditto - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

77th Ditto - - Lieut. General Marfii's - - - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

78th Ditto - - Major General Mackenzie's - - the same *>375 - - 24639 6 10

80th Ditto - - General Lake's - - - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

84th Ditto - - Major General Bernard's - - the same - *,375 - - 24,639 6 10

86th Ditto - - Lieut. General Grinfield's - the same - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

88th Ditto - - General Reid's ----- - *>375 - - 24,639 6 10

Scotch Brigade - Lieut. General Francis Dundas 's - the same - - *>375 23*375 24,639 6 10 418,^68 l6 2

Total - - - 26,219 - - - 549,935 19 10

Which, for 92 Days, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June') following, both inclusive, amounts to - - - j - - - £ 138,614 — —

War-Office, 7

2d June 1802. 3 C* Torke,

Memorandum. — The Expence of IJis Majesty's Forces serving in the East Indies, is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on Account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Recruiting Companies of the said Regiments, employed in Great Britain. — This Charge is dated in a separate Edimate.

Appendix*

(No. 83.)

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Fifteen Regiments of Root, for Service in 2° ^unii,

East India; from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 183 Days. cntinued.

V NUMBERS. CHARGE per Annum.

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's: 9 f £ ' d. £. x. J.'

*0 ft* 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 - - 753 - - *9,209 II 5

3,626 15 3

Agency 460 9 2

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Riding-Mailer - - - - . - 782 4 —

34,078 19 10

25th Ditto - - Lieut. General Gwyn's - - - the same - - 7S3L - - 34,078 19 10

27th Ditto - - Lord Dorchester's ----- the same - - 753 - - 34,078 19 10

29th Ditto - - Lieut. General Vyfe's - - - - the same - 753 3,012 34.078 19 10 i36'3*5 *9 4

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Piston'*:

»**/ - - 887 - - 13,948 16 —

2,602 1 10

Agency 257 8 9

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Serjeants - - - - ‘ - - 650 5 —

17,458 11 7

19th Ditto - - Lieut. General Hulfe's - - - the same - - 887 - 17,458 11 7

33d Ditto - - Marquis Cornwallis's - . - . the same - - 887 - *7.458 7

51A Ditto - - Lieut. General Morlhead's - - the same - 887 - - 17.458 11 7

73d Ditto - - Lieut. General Harris's - - - the same - - 887 - - 17,458 11 7

74th Ditto - - Lord Hutch in Ton's ----- the same - - 887 - - 17,458 11 7

75th Ditto - - Sir Robert Abercromby's - - the same - - 887 - - 17,458 11 7

76th Ditto - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's - - - the same - - 887 - - 17,458 n 7

77th Ditto - - Lieut. General Marsh's - - - the same - - 887 - - »7.458 *1 7

73:h Ditto - - Major General Mackenzie's - - the same - - «7 - - 17,458 7

8Jlii Ditto - - General Lake's ----- - the same m - 887 - - 17,458 11 7

84th Ditto - - Major General Bernard's - the same - - 887 - 17,458 1* 7

86:h Ditto - - Lieut. General G infield's - - the same - - 887 - I7,4S8 7

83:h Ditto - - General Reid's ----- - the same - - 887 - - 17,458 7

Scotch Brigade - Lieut. General Francis Dundas's - the same - - 887 - - 17 458 7 261,878 13 9

!3»3°5

Total - - - - 16,317 - 398,194 13 1

Which, for 183 Days, from the 25th June 1802 to 24th December 1 following, both inclusive, amounts to - - - - -j V - - - . £ 199,642 15 11

WV.t-Offic e, \

2J June i'6zz. 3 C. 7*0fkc.

yitmcraidum* — The Expence cf His Majesty's Forces serving in the East Indies, is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company 5 it is therefore only necessary to vote, on Account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Recruiting Companies of the said Regiments, employed in Great Britain. — The

Charge is Hated in a separate Estimate.

Vol. 57.

II P

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix,

(No. 83.)

» Jun

continued.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of Four Troops of Dracooks, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 35th May i8oz to the 24th June flowing, both inclusive; being 31 Days.

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's; One Troop: Fay ——

C loathing ——

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding-Mailer

25th - - Lieut. General Gwyn's - - - - the fame

27th - - Lord Dorchester's ----- - the fame

29th - - Lieut. General Vyfe's ----- the lame

The 10th Regiment of Foot, Lieut. Gendral Fox's; One Company:

Pay....

Cloathing ——

Agency

Allowance to the Captain - -

- General Piston's the fame

- Lieut. General HulfeY ----- the fame

- Marquis CornwafiiPs ----- the fame

- Lieut. General Morlhead's - - - the fame

- Major General Hewett's - - - - the fame

- Lieut. General Harris's - - - - the fame

- Lord Hutchinson's ----- - the fame

- Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the fame

- Sir Thomas Musgrave's - - - - the lame

- Lieut. General Marsh's - - - - the fame

- Major General Mackenzie's - - - the fame

- General Lake's ----- - the fame

- Major General Bernard's - - - the fame

- Lieut. General Grinfield's - - - the fame

- General Reid's ----- - the fame

Scotch Brigade Lieut. General Francis Dundas's - the fame

Total

12th -19th -

331 -

5.ft -

61/1 -

73d -

74ih -75th -76th -

7 7lfi -78th -80th -84th -86th -88th -

Which, for 31 Days, from 25th May 1802 to the 24th June 1 following, mdulive, amounts to - - - j

BCRS.

23

23

23

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

92

748

840

— >

/. d. £ /. d.

1,829 11 3

144 4 2

35 *4 IO

55 16 —

2,065 6 3

2,065 6 3

2.065 6 3

2, 65 6 3 8,261

s

«»443 5 5

*47 »3 10

20 ,6 7

38 5

L749 IO 10

1749 IO IO

1.749 IO 10

1.749 IO 10

1749 10 10

1.749 10 10

*749 10 10

I 749 10 10

1.749 10 10

1749 10 10

1749 10 10

l 749 10 10

1,749 10 10

1 749 10 10

1749 10 10

1749 10 10

1749 IO 10 29742 A 2

T

- - - - 38.C03 9 2

£ 3.227 '3 9

War-Office, 1 ad June *180a. 3

C. Torke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East In 61 a 5 from the 25th of June 1802 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive; being 183 Days.

The 19th Regiment of Light Dragoohs, Lord Viscount Howe's; One Troop:

Pay..... - -

Cloathing ——

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding-Mailer

25th - - Lieut. General Gwyn's - - - - the fame

27th - - Lord Dorchester's ----- - the same

19th - - Lieut. General Vyffc's - - - the fame

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Pidlon's; One Company:

Pay -....

Cloathing ——

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain -

19th _ m Lieut. General Hulfe's - - - _ the same . 44

33d - - Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the same - - 44

Sill . - Lieut. General Morlhead's - - - the same - 44

73J - - Lieut. General Harris's - - - - the same - - 44

74th - - Lord Hutchinson's - - - the same - 44

75 th - - Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the same - - 44

76th - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's - - - the same - - 44

77th - - Lieut. General Marsh's - - - . the same - 44

78th - - Major General Mackenzie's - - the same - - 44

80th - - General Lake's - - - the same - . 44

84.:h - - Major General Bernard's - - - - the same - - 44

86th - - Lieut. General Grinfield's - - - the same - - 44

88th - - General Reid's -«--- the same - - 44

Scotch Brigade - Lieut. General Francis Dundas's - the same - - 44

Total -' -

Which, for 183 Days, from 25th June 1802 to the 24th December 7 following, incluuve, amounts to- - - - - -3

NUMBERS.

— -

23

23

23

2;

44

92

660

752

War-Office, ad June 1802.

CHARGE per Annum.

£, '* d.

1,829 11 *44 4 35 *4 'o 55 16 —

2.065 6

2065 6

2,0 5 6 3

2.065 6 3

L443 5 5

2f7 13 10 20 6 7

38 5 —

1749

1.749

1.749 1-749

1.749

1.749 *749 *749

1.749

1.749

1.749 L749

1.749 >749

10 10

10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10' 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

10 10

1,749 10 10

- - *

C. Torke.

d.

8,261 s —

26,243

34,504 7 6

17,299 9 *"

.by

Appendix

9/i

42 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recru itimo, and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forges; of the Allowance for Watch Coats for the Infantry; and of Extra Forage for the Cavalry, in that Pan of the United Kingdom called Ireland from the 35th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

Appendix, (No. 83.) 2° Junii,

IN GREAT BRITAIN, &c.

Recruiting, and Contingencies; upon Account ——

Allowance for Watch Coats ——

IN IRELAND]

Recruiting, and Contingencies; upon Account Allowance for Watch Coats - -

Extra Forage to the Cavalry -

Ixifh.

£.60,000 — —

3,500 ——

125,000 — —

Charge for 275 Days*

£ ' d-7 0,000 — " 7,500 ——

77,500 — —

continued.

----- _

Which Sam of £. 188,500 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total

£.188,500 ——

174,000 — — 251,500 — —

War-Office, 1 ad June 1802. J

C. Yerke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Fun. Pat to SvmxvMUttr Officers of His Maiistt's Forces; from 25th March

l8ca to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

CHARGE per Annum.

Horse Grenadier Guards:

1 Major ——

2 Lieutenants and Captains -

1 Lieutenant and Captain (Difference of Pay)

2 Guidons and Captains -6 Sub Lieutenants -

1 Adjutant ——

2 Chaplains ——

I Surgeon ——

1 Ruling Mailer -

- > £-3S5 >7 each

337 1*

228 2

each

121 13 4

Life Guards: 12 Trumpeters

each 45 12 6

Agency

41st Regiment

Foot: - - - l Major and Captai*

3 Captains 6 Lieutenants -j Ensigns I Adjutant - ' of Foot, or 1 Quarter Mailer

Invalids:

Allowances to 3 Captains

each £.171 7

79 *9 . 62 16

1

4

7i

Agency

Companies

of

Invalids:

5 Captains ——

1 Captain -

7 Lieutenants ----- --- - each

2 Ditto ——

I Ditto -

a Ensigns ----- -- each

4 Ditto ——

each 80 each £.171

79 *9 85 3

62 16 66 18

4

4

7i

4

V Allowances to 5 Captains -

Agency

each 80 ——

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1S02 to 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to

Uraitached Officers continued on Full Pay, including the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments; from 7 25th March 1S02 to 24th May. following, both inclusive, being 61 Days; upon Account - - J

For the Officers of the Reduced Invalid Companies, and the Royal Garrison Battalion, and for certain 1 Officers of the Reduced Battalions of the Scotch Brigade; from 25th June 1802 to 24th December > following, both inclusive, being 183 Days; upon Account - - - - - - -j

Total in Great Britain -

IN IRELAND:

For the Orncers of the Reduced Corps of Invalids; upon Account

Total

£. ,. d.

456 5 — 711 IS — 82 3 6

67A 5 ~

1,3681$ —

>73 7 243 6

146 — 4S 12

3,902 10 2 547 >o —

4*45° — 2 80 ——

5*4 3 479 >6 — 3*4 3 — i 68 10 10

79 >9 4

>456 >o 5? 36 3i

IS4O — ---

856 15

171 *7

559 *5 170 6 103 8

251 6

2 66 13

2,381 2 7

59 10 6 400 ——

j.

4.530 — *

259 0 3

1,732 18 9

- 2,840 >3 1

9,362 l8 3

7.054 4 11

2,700 — —

9>754 4 11

18,000 — —

*7754 4 11

1,200 — —

28,954 4 11

W.ir-Office, \ 2d June tBoa. J

C. Yorke.

Vol. 57.

972

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Appendix, (Xo. Sp) 2* junii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; from the 25th March i8ca to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, See.

Fees at the Exchequer ——

For the Allowance to the Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, Scc.

For the Allowance to the Commissary General of the Mutters, his Deputy, and Clerks, and for Reduced Deputy Commissaries ——

Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, Si c. ——

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army.- - -

Total in Great Britain

- - - £-

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th of March 1802 to 24th of December following, both inclusive,

amounts to

IN IRELAND:

Muller Mailer General, and his Deputies

Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, Scc. - -

Physician General ——

Surgeon General ——

Provott Marshal, and Contingencies

A^ent for the Transmillion of Deserters -

Town Major of Dublin, and Deputy -

Secretary and Accomptant to the Board of General Officers

Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army, his Deputy, Clerks, Sec.

For certain Miscellaneous Services -

Total in Ireland -

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1802 to 24th of December following, both inclusive, amounts to ——

This Sum of £.5,624. I is. 6d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total - -

War-Office, 1 ad June 1802. 3

Charge per Annum.

i7. 9 7 8 77»737 >7 7 23,324 2 6

4>, S9 >3 6

4,2°9 5 9

7,302 ——

133,862 7 —

Charge per Annum.

Irito.

£ ' J-

1,640 12 6

1,230 ——

365 ——

365 — —

560 9 11

IOO ---- —

747 16 6

495 >6 S 1,798 18 10 161 12 9

7,465 6 11

5,624 11 6

For 175 Day*.

/. d.

100,855 3 10

5,191 18 4

106,047 2 2

C. York'.

EST EM ATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainh am; from the 25th of March 1802 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

16,673 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, deducing for Pensions unclaimed, f. 2 ,c 00 ——

4C0 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Sojeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

17,104

Additional Pensions to Blind and Disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners To the Agent's Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

From which deduct, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

- £ *>3°° ——

- 500 — —

- 1,000 — —

2,800 — — - 1,200 — —

Deduct, already provided on the Estimates of Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year^1802 -

Total for the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - - - £.

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to ——

Charge per Annum.

124,784 s 5 7,300 — — 424 6 3

132,508 ij 8 1,000 ——

133,508 ii 8

1,600 — —

135,108 11 8

10,033 13 9

125,074 17 11

For the Out Pensioners who w ill be admitted on the Pension in consequence of the Peace, including the additional Charge of a higher Pension to Soldiers who have been entirely deprived of Sight in consequence of their Service in Egypt, ami elsewhere, during t.»c late War, from the 25th June 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclutive, being 183 Days, upon Account ——

Total for Great Britain -

ROYAL HOSPITAL near KILMA1NHAM, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following:

Oet-Pensionen, at present on the Warrant - 10,925 — —

Out-Pcnlioners, paid by Broken Warrant 6,000 —

Which Sum of £. 16,925 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

War-Office, 1 2d June 1802. J

16,925 — — Total ---£.

C. York'. '

For 275 Day*.

s. d.

94,234 10 2

40,000 -- —

134.234 IO 2

I5.623

149.8,-7 II 9

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Ik-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kit main ham; and of the Expences of the Lid Hospital*, from 25 m March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days*

CHELSEA HOSPITAL:

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Cloathing for D° -

Salaries of the Gove- ror, and other Officers -Hoard Wage:, md Tabic for D° -Surgeon ;i: d \p th cary -Repairs, Ordinary ami Extraordinary Tradesmen ——

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordir.aries

Deduct, out of Poundage on Out-Pcnficns for the Year 1802

Total for Chelsea Hospital - -

Winch, for 275 Days, fjom 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to ——

Charge per Annum.

£ d.

1,271 6 4

911 7 5

3^96 9 —

66^ —

2,019 II 9

1,900 ——

3,300 ——

14,000 — — 4*400 ——

32,167 14 6

2.800 -

29.567 14 6

ROYAL HOSPITAL near K1LMAINHAM:

Ch.irge for 275 Days.

Washing Providore -Sr.laries

TradcfmenT Bills Medicaments Coniine? er.cies

Total for the Royal Hospital - - - - '£

This Sum of £ % 11,450* 19/. 11 d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total -

War-Office, ? 2d June 1802. j

£ s- <* 300 ——

3454 13 4

3,045 ——

600 — -

1.9 6 6 7

1*11,45019 n

*2,2/7

1 —

10,570 3 —

£ 3-^847 4 —

Appendix,

(No. 83.)

2° JUhUy

ctn.i'iucd.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Fo-ces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th ot March 1802 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive 1 being 275 Days*

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. 48 Widows of Colonels - Rates of Pension, - /.so

36 - - - Lieutenant Colonels - - - 50 - -

26 - - Majors - 40 - -

208 - - - Captains and Paymasters - - - - 30 - -

226 - - - Lieutenants - - - 26 - -

214 - - - 2d Lieutenants, Ac. - - - 20 - -

1 - - - Governor, a General Officer - - - - 80 - -

7 V - Physicuins and Purveyor^ - - - - 30 - -

26 - - - Surut - ns and Apothecaries - - - - 26 -

29 - - - Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates 16 -

1 - - - Ahistant Commifary of Stores - - - - 26 _ _

2 - - - Ditto - 20 - -

Charge per Annum.

824

The Amount of nd\ in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above Rated ——

Salary of the Deputy Paymufter, per Annum ——

From which, aedud the following Sums already provided; viz.

On the Estimate of Guards and Ganifjns ——

£. s.

1,228 12 —

ICO — —

On - D° - - lor the Marine Corps

2.766 — — 1.O71 2 6

Remains to be provided - - - £ %

Which, for 275 Days, from the 25th March 1802. to the 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to ——

In the 214 Widows above-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, and Quar term afters, whole Pensions are of the lame'Rate as that of a 2d Lieutenant's Widow.

I N IRELAND.

Allowance to the Widows of Commissionei and Warranted Officers, and Expences attending the same ——

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, amounts to ——

t This Sum of 4,195. 19/. 3 d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total -

War-Office, 2d J une 1802.

3,840 ——

1,800 ——

I, C40 ——

0,240 ——

5,876 ——

4,280 — —

ho ——

210 ——

676 — —

4' 4 ——

20 — —

40 ——

24,572 —

1,328 12 —

4-437 2 6

1 O 9 6

Charge per Annum.

Inlh.

£ ' d.

SrS 69 3 10

t 4.193 >9 3

- -

- £

For 275 Days*

16,171 i

3,873 4 —

*0,044

C. Torke.

VOL. 57.

11 CL

VjQOQiC

974

Appendix.

A. 1802.

ESTIMATE of the Clarke of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 251b March 1802 to the respective Periods after mention.d.

IN CREAT BRITAIN:

Pay and Chaining of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry; from the 25th March iSc* to the 30th April following* both inclusive, bring 37 Days ——

Pay and Clcatidhg of Volunteer Corps of Infantry, for the same Period

Contingencies for the above Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, for the same Period -

Tot a l

IN IRELAND:

Irish.

Pay and Allowances to Volunteer Corps of Cavalry; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th May

following, both inclusive, being 61 Days - - . - - - 21,754 4 —

D* to Volunteer Corps of Infantry, for the same Period..... 24*431 >4 —

Pay and Allowances to Brigade Majors attached to the above Corps, for the same Period - - t ,4S5 ——

Contingencies for the same Period ---- ----- -- - 2,cco — —

For Outstanding Claims for Cloathing, and other Demands unprovided for; upon Account -

Which Sum of £.74,670. 18. o. Irish, amounts, in Biitifli Money, to -

Total

War-Oflice, ?

2d June 1802. )

49.670 18 —

*5>oeo -

£.74,67018 —

c-

£ ' s-

8 ;oo ——

60 ,cro ——

4,coo ——

"2 CCO — —

68,926 19 9

I40 926 19 9

C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Barrack Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th

May 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 214 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

Coals and Candles ——

Bedding and Furniture - -

Barrack Mailer's Expenditures -

Rents ——

On Account of Armoury for the Guards ——

Repairs, &c. ——

On Account of Additions and Alterations for Cavalry and Infantry Depots Lodging Money -

Allowance to Governors, &c. ——

Barrack-Oiiice L:iublishment ——

Houses occupied by French Pricfls ——

Buildings &c. ——

liolpitais - - - , .

Fee* to be paid at the War-Ofhcc -

Charge for 214 Day*-

/\ i. i).

52, CI5 ——

8,400 — —

38,290 ——

*3i749 — —

4»coo ——

30,114 ——

12.000 — —

10.000 -

1,446 ——

n»i45 ——

500 — — 69 241 — —

3 7'19 7.----

3-87 ——

297,184 ——

Charge for 214 Days. IN IRELAND: --

1r1fh.

Firing and Candles for the Troops ----- ----- -- ^.26,000 — —

Regimental Oiiicers I.odgings - -- - 8,^00 —

bull Oliicers Lodgings - - 3,500 — —

Lodging of P-ivams, and Stabling ----- ----- - - 7*500 — —

Sina i Uitifil Money - - -- -- 8co — —

R(*p;nui.tal 11/* nit.il Kx'pences - -- - 800 — —

Straw for the I Turns - -- -- 2,500 — —

For building new Barracks - -- -- 2u,l66 13 4

r, (of Permanent Barracks - -- 8,866 12 4.

Recall > - < . ... j t

I of 1 tinpoiary -D° - -- - 17,500 — —

Rents - j Permanent - !)..... 666 13 4

I of Temporary -D° - -- - 17,500 — —

Bedding and Furniture ----- ----- ---- - 6,000 — —

Barrack OH.ctrs Salaries - -- -- 4*469 7 4

Barrack Mailers Salaries ----- ----- - - 7,636 11 3

Contingencies, including Taxes 7,000 — —

£.148,405 18 7

Wnich Sum of £.148,405. 18. 7. Irish, amount?, in British Money, to

Total

136,990 1 10

434*174 10

War-Office, 7

2i J-ne 1S02. 3 C. Yorke.

4-1 Geo. III.

Appendix.

975

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for His Majesty's Forces in Ireland; and of the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from 25th March 1802 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

For Medicines for Regiments of the Line, and for General Ilofpiuls For Bedding for Ditto -

Expences for Sixteen General Hospitals ——

Ppundage, Pells, and Hospital Fees^ - - - - t

For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers

This Sum of £. 17*541* 1 /. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Cl.irge for 275 Days.

£ d.

5,e 00 — —

3.000 ——

9.000 -

873 " 3

1,653 — 9

*7.541 —

16,191 14 10

War. Office, 7 id June 1802. S

C. Yorkc.

Appendix, (No. 83.) 2° Junii>

continued*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of The Royal Military College, See, Stc. Sec.; for (he Year 1802.

Civn ^'2 jjcr „\nr.um.

General Staff - - -Senior Department -Junior Department - as per Particulars in the annexed Paper, (No. 1.) - as per Particulars in the annexed Paper, (No. 2,) - - as per Particulars in the annexed Paper, (No. 3.) - £. s. 3/3 7 ,-5- 9 7 M79 10 S

Total - 6 369

War-Office, 7 id June 1802. j C. Yorke.

(No. 1.) — PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences of the General Staff of The Royal Military Collecej

for the Year 1802.

Governor ——

Lieutenant Governor, and Superintendant General, with a Clerk -

Chaplain, Librarian, and Infttuttor of Classics ——

Surgeon -

Treasurer ——

Pay mailer....

Secretary to the Supreme Board ——

Adjutant

Total -:

Charge per Annum.

£ ' *

1 1 O O LO —

- 748 5 —

1 1 O N

300 —

273 IS —

200 — —

182 IO —

£ 3,637

Vol. 57.

97 6

Appendix.

i8oz.

Appendix,

(No. 83.)

z* Junii,

tontmutd\

(No. 2 )

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences at the Senior Department of The Royal Military Collece; for the Year jq02

| C H A R G E per Annurr,

Commandant -Professor of Mathematics

D® - - of Fortification Acting Principal Draftsman -Aflillant Draftsman -

Inltru&or of French.

D° - - of German -

Two Servants, at 1 j. per Diem each Sub-Director of Instruction -Contingencies -

Dedufl, the Subscripiion of 30 Gincers, at £-31* los. each

Remains to be provided »

c

£ s. a. 790 9 7

250 ——

200 — —

I $0 -

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

36 10 —

I50 ——

170 10 —

2*197 9 7

945 ——

9 7

This Appointment is temporary, and in the Absence of a Superintendant of the Department.

(No. 3.)

PARTICULARS of the Annual Expences at the Junior Depirtment of The Royal Military College; for |he Year 1802.

CHARGE per Annum.

[Military Branch:

One Superintendant, with a Clerk One Infrcttor - - - £. 100.

Iflnftructor of Tadics - - 5;

One Serjeant Major ....

On'.' Corporal, being Clerk of the Kitchen

One Drummer....

Four Private Soldiers, as Att.ndants, at £. 18. 5/. each

3o.J

p. f

Civil Branch:

One Sub-Professor of Mathematics -

And when qualified, to initruct in the Elements of Fortification One Inllruutor of French ——

One Drawing Matter of Perspective *

One Mailer of Geography and Iliiiory -

One Fencing VIafter ——

One Writing Mailer ——

One Mailer of Arithmetic ——

- £ ' 5°- X

- - 5°l

CONTINGENCIES:

Waces and Board:

Board for 100 Cadets, 304 Days, at 2/. per Diem each -

D° - Housekeeper - - D° - - at 9^/. - - D® - - - *-

Da - for Four Women Servants, at 9 </. - D® - -

D° - for Six Men Servants, - - at 9 d. - - D° -

Board Wages for the iloufekeeper during the Vacation, 61 Days, at is. 6 d. per Diem D® ----- Purveyor - D° D° at 2 s. 6 J. - D°

D° - - - - Four Women Servants - D° - - - D° - at 1 s. - D°

D° - - - - Six Men Servants - - D' - - - D° - at 1 /. - - D°

One I Toufekecpcris Wages ——

Four Women Servants D*> at £. 10- 10/. each ——

Cloat hinc:

100 Cadets, at £. 10 each, including their Shoes One Serjeant Major -

One Drummer ——

One Corporal and Four Privates, at £. 3 each

Wa suing:

ico Cadets, 42 Weeks, at is. 4d. per Week each -

I)J - - - - their Sheets, 21 Pair each, at 3 <1 per Pair -

Nine Servants - - - DJ - - - D° - - at 3 </. - D® -

Books, kc.:

Books, Stationary, kc. for ico Cadets, at £. 6 each per Annum -Foliage of Letters, a :d other Contingent Expences - -

Dadudl, the Subscription of 20 Cadets, £. 40 each -D° - - - - of 50 D® - £.94. 10/. each -

Remains to be provided

c /. d.

275 5 —

15° — —

37 12 9

28 10 3

20 73 18 2

0 0 N

150 — —

170 — —

17° — —

150 — —

13° — —

130 — —

3,04°

11 8 —

45 12 —

68 8 —

7 12 6

7 12 6

12 4 —

18 6 —

30 — —

42 — —

1,000 _ _

7 c 9

D *5 — —

2S0

26 5 —

2 7 3

600

100 — —

800

4>725 — —

£ J.

5 % S 6 2

i,ico — _

3,283 1 —

1,027 9 -

308 12 3

700 — —

7,004 10 5

5?52S ——

1,479 10 5

The EilubliiTunent of ProfeHor and Masters is adapted only to the Plan of Instruction proposed for the first Year of opening the 1 Junior Department,

ESTIMATE of the further Expences expcdled to be incurred in completing the Buildings of The Rotal Military Asylum at

Chelsea, for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers.

For completing the Buildings of The Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea - - £. 13,000 — —

War-O flics, ?

2d June 1802. I - C. York?.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commifiDned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and1 Ireland, for Small Beer; and of the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces while on a March in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following; both inclusive; being 275 Days. Appendix. (No. 84.) 3* Junii.

>/ -

IM /'BTAT BDITiTW. Charge for 275 Days.

IN viKLAl pKIIAIN: For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; upon Account -For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, for £ i. 95.000 45.000 — — O

/ 140,000 — —

IN IRELAND* Irish. For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, for Small Beer; upon Account - -- £*42,239 19 11 For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men while on a March 23,100 — —

/6s,339 >9 »«

Which Sum of £.65,339. 19, lx. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - 60,313 1$ T,

Total - - - - £. 200,313 16 II

'Try-Ofn'p, 1 C. For*.

:.. T :ne ioC2. J

ESTIMATE of thr* Charge cf Half Pay and Au.owancpj to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in the United Krgdoni of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June following, both inclusive; being 92 Days,

JN GREAT BRITAIN: For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces Charge per Annum. J For 92 Day*.

- £ ' 139,0-0 — d. £

Which, for 92 Days, from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th June following, both Da indufive, amounts to- - - - 35>°3S »» 3

IN IRELAND! C: -V. „ |

For Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces upon Half Pay - 1 - - 2C, CO

For an Allowance to the Colonels of the Six Regiments of the late Irish Brigade, equal to their Full Pay - -- -- -- - 3* cn *

For an Allowance to retired Chaplains - - - ca 3 *

£ 26 7CO —

Which, for 92 Days, from 25th March 1802 to 24th June following, both inclusive, 1 amounts to- J # £ 6,729 17 3 i

This Sum of £.6,729. 17. 3. Irish, amounts to, in British Money - - - - ?

Total - - - £

War-Office, 1 C. Yorke.

3d Jane 1802. j

Vol. 57.

11 R

973

Appendix.

1802,

Appendix,

(No. S4.)

3* 7U»»*

continued.

)RC ES

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pat and Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty\ T

0 a ^an d For

and Marine*, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th June 1S02 to the 2-'h Dcccm' r following, both inclusive; being 183 Days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN!

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th June 1802 to the 14th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days ....

IN IRELAND:

For Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces upon H*lf Ir*h»

Pay - -- -- 25,000 -

For an Allowance to the Colonels of the Six Regiments of the late Irish Brigade,

equal to their Full Fay - -- - 1,600 — —

For an Allowance to Retired Chaplains - - - - 1,750 — —

*28,350 — —

Which Sum of £.28,350 Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Total ----£.

War-Office, 7

3d June 1S02. 3 C. lovkt.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty'* American Forces; from the 25th March 1802 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; being 275 Days.

Charge per Annum.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces Allowances to Officers of Ditto - -- -- - — to m - if- / 52,500 — — 7,500

- 6c,oooo — _

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive. 45»205 9 7

"War-Office, 7

jdjune 1802. 3 C. Yorke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Oppicers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General; from 25th March 1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Chargoper Annum.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade

£ ' d-

1,000 — —

Which, for 275 Days, from 25th March amounts to

1802 to 24th December following, both inclusive

753 8 5

War-Office, 7

3d June 1802. 3 C. Yorke,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of Great Britain; from 25th May to 24th December 1802.

£. s. d.

Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons (Hompefch); from 25th May to 24th June.

- - of Three Regiments of Infantry (La Chatre, Castries, and Mortcmart); from 25th May to

24th August ——

- - of One Regiment of Infantry (Meuron); from 25th May to 24th December - -

- - of One Regiment of Infantry (Roll); from 25th May to 24th December -

- - of One Regiment of Infantry (Queen's German Rangers); from 25th May to 24th De-

cember ——

- - of Three Regiments of Infantry (Dillon, Watieville, and Chasseurs Brittanniques); from

25th May to 24th November -

- - of Eight Battalions cf Dutch Infantry; from 25th May to 24th Jure -

- of Staff and Engineers, attached to Dutch Troops; from 25'.h May to 24th June

- - of the Fo 'gn Depot, including Two Companies of Invalids, and the lnfpccior General's

Department; Irom 25th May to 24th December ——

- - of Hospital Staff, Hospital Expences, &c. in the Isle of Wight; from 25th May to 24th

December ——

of AgeJ and Wounded Officers and for Officers Widows; from 25th May to 24th December - - - - -.-

- - of Full Pay to Unattached Officers, and Allowances to Reduced Officers in Lieu of

Half-Pay.....,....

of Contingencies

Numbers.

481

2,772

845

843

843

6, C;6

l6

Deduct: The Charges of Mcuron's Regiment, which are to be defrayed by the East India Company - - - - -.

On Account of Disbanding the various Foreign Corps, kc.

Total -

War-Office, 7 3d June 1802. J

C. Yorke.

- -£

1,567 1 5 2

19,913 3

8 5

13.561 3 5

13.967 8 S

3 5 -921 4 6

9

547 9 —

14,849 8 2

2,000 — —

5>377 1 6

15,782 7 5

5,000 — —

0 OO yr\ 2 9

14,15; 8 5

-f* 00 *4 4

I77-6, S *9 8

321,800 14 —

Appendix, (No. S4 )

3°

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE of Great Britain, for Six Months; from ift July to 31st December 1802; and of the said Charge in Ireland, for the same Time.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of ORDNANCE, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not

provided for by Parliament -Vis,

ON ACCOUNT OF 1800:

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Paid for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending TIis Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Demerara, Surinam, and Trinidad ——

SHEERNESS:

Paid for Repairs of the Well, Breakwaters, and Works, Current Service, and Contingencies - -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

Paid for Repairs of Buildings ——

Carried forward to Page 980 - - - £.

Vol. si-

£ ' d.

838 4 3

13,919 2 —

,j6a 2 7

768 14 6

!7,o3S 3 4

Appendix, (No. 85.) 3* Junii.

Appendix, (No. 85.) 3*

(tnlmuitL

980

Appendix.

A. 1802.

ON ACCOUNT OF I 8 O I.

NEWFOUNDLAND: Paid for Repain, Current Service, and Contingencies -

BAHAMA ISLANDS: Paid for Current Service and Contingencies ——

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Demerara, Surinam, and Trinidad ....

PORTUGAL:

Paid for Contingencies

St. M A R C OU:

Paid for Repairs and Contingencies

GUERNSEY: Paid for the further improving the Defences of Fort George -

C I N QU E PORTS: Paid for Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

Paid for Repairs of the Buildings and Wharfing ----- ----- £.2,746 — 11

Paid for Repairs of the Veflll?, and Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the

Communication between Glravefend and Tilbury ----- -- 905 11 7

PORTSMOUTH:

Paid for building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point in Portsmouth Harbour, for Uie of the Navy -

WALTHAM ABBEY:

Paid for Repairs of the Buildings

DEFENCE of the COASTS:

Paid for repairing Batteries

CIVIL DEPARTMENT:

Charge of an tncrcafc to the Salaries of the Mailer General, Lieutenant General, Surveyor General, and of the Subordinate Officers of the Civil Department of the Ordnance, to 31st December 1801 -

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, and C OR PS of ROYAL ENGINEERS:

Pay of an Augmentation of One Colonel, Two Captains, Two Captain Lieutenants, Ten First Lieutenants, and Five Second Lieutenants, to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 9th May to 31st December 1801, inclusive.....- - £ t>593 7 11

Ircreaft* of Pay of a iW 'ical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance, between id

September and 31T December 1801 ——

Augmentation of One S hilling per Diem to the Pay of the Mailer Gunners at the several Garrisons and B '.terles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from ill September to 3ill December 1801, inclusive ——

Paid for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery in Great Britain, and for Cor.tin >r.cics ——

582 12 —

366 ——

19.657 4 2

AMMUNITION for sundry REGIMENTS, and for MILITIA:

Ammunition to Tw\» Fcgiments of Foot Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot; to sundry Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry. a:id of Volunteer Associated Cavalry; to sundry Regiments of Fencible, and Corps of Volunteer at.d A.Tociated Volunteer Infantry; also, for sundry Depots for actual Service - - £. 10,292 18 4

Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Militia - - - - - - - 4,283 18 9

JEk'^ht forward on Account of 1800 -

Total Unprovided -

£ /

797 9 7

380 5 a

31,187 18 9 2>94‘ 3 5

3OO — —

41*75 1* J 691 3 11

3,651 12 6 2,ySo — 10

1,516 8 11 *,835 6 9

14,883 12 6

22,199 4 l

14,576 17 1

102,917 5 9

17,088 3 4

120,005 9 1

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of the Of fice of ORDNANCE, for the Year iSca:

LAND SERVICE.

Appendix,

(No. 85.)

3* 7u

continued\

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the Tower ....

And at the following Places; viz.

Royal Laboratory at Woolwich ——

Jpfpe&or of Artillery at I)0 ——

Royal Military Repository at D° - -

Greenwich, Wind lor, Hampton Court, and St. James's ----- Woolwich -

Pur fleet - -

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Chatham - - -

Upnor Cattle ——

Sheerness -

Dover ——

P'cversham ——

Waltham Abbey ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddylh^rd ——

Tipner Point

Plymouth -

Kevham Point ——

Pendennis Cattle, Scilly Ittand, Chester and Liverpool, Isle of Man, Carlisle, 1 Berwick, Tinmouth Cattle and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, Landguard C

Fort, and Harwich and Scarborough Castle J

Guernsey ——

jer fey ——

fctorekepers at

Gratuities for Length of Service to sundry Officers on the above Establishments, estimated per Annum at Rent for Use of Land and Houses -

£. s. d.

23>317 >5

2,330 2 6

2,466 ——

382 10 — 226 ——

1,432 — —

945 2 6

440 ——

LC90 15 — 250 ——

610 — — 200 — — 903 17 6

813 17 6

I»3°3 17 6 5°3 17 6

220 ——

1,183 17 6

320 ——

1,040 7 6

615 10 — 615 10 —

2,711 15 2

530 2 9

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

£44-45 2 >8 5

i - - £.

Pay of Civil Officers

North Britain - - .

Gibraltar -Jamaica -Antigua -Sr. Christopher -Dominica -St. Vincent -Barbadoes -Grenada -

Tobago, to 30th September

and Artificers at \ Martinico - - D° St. Lucia - - D°

Trinidad -Bahama Islands -Bermuda -

Quebec -Halifax

New Brunswick -

St. John's, Newfoundland

Placentia - - — D° -

Pay of Matter Gunners at the feverel Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of London; with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Meil'ages. Foliage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Stcrchouses; making new and repairing old Carriages in the several final! Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Gucmicy, and Jeifey -

Furnittung Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, Scc. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jcrley

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Fay of the Corps of Royal Engineers for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Deduct: For Officers serving in Ireland, and paid them ——

19,248 1 1

5>5 J7 6

d.

22,226 9 f

<5*3 —

2 172 17 6

690 — —

9 9 ——

9 9 ——

900 ——

909 ——

9°9 ——

9 9 ——

681 15 — 681 15 — 681 15 —

909 ——

290 — —

2rO — — '

985 ——

845 *0 --

701 2 6

S22 15 — 146 — —

4.S14 7 6

18,coo — —

Carried forward

13,000 — — *

3,000 ——

6,oco ——

2, C00 — — *

18,692 3 7

105 638 s 3

Vol. 57.

11 s

Appendix.

jl. 1802.

At "endix, (No. S;.) 3* £««,

(CM mu /.

Brought forward - - - .

On Account of the Pay of the Rovnl Regiment of Artil!try lor the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelai.J, confiding of 0,846 Men, Officers included, from ill January to 311! May 1802 ircPiive,

15 4 D*ys .....13 0,^96 9 8

On Account of the Pav of the said Regiment, con filling of 9,216 Men* Officers included, from iH June

to 3ill December 18Ji inclusive, 214 Days - - 181,45s 19 —

Dcdu£l: The Pay of Three Field Officers, Nine ftlarching Companies, and One Company of Invalids serving in Ireland, and paid there ——

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Arti'lery for the United Kingdom of Great Britain ard Ireland, confiding of 1,292 Men, Officers included, and 597 Riding Knrfes* from 1 ft January to 3ill May 1802 include, 151 Days - - - 31,740 I 1

Pay of said Brigade, confiding of i,o?o Men, Officers included, and 592 Riding Horses, from id June to 3111 December 1802 inclusive, 214 Days - 41,629 2 4

312,355 8 8

39031 1 10

273»52f 0 10

Dcduft: The Pay of One Troop serving in Ireland, and paid there

73369 3 6

9, H8 1# 7

64,320 4 11

!°5>6:-

/. s.

> 3

Pay of Surgeons on the Medical Establi foment for the Military Department of the Ordnance -

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Millers of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establi foment of a Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen ——

Pay of S.rperannuaicd and Ddabled Men, H If Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, purtunnt to his Mjj*;:!)^ Warrants ——

Sums to be paid at the Ticafury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of 1,192,274. i8j. 8S> being the Amount of this Ell in.ate ——

Ordinary

c-

E X T R A O R D I N A R I E S, 1802.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of the 'Fortifications, Artillery, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service and Contingencies

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers

337,644 11 §

4.524 IS *

3.598 4 4.033 S —

16,112 18 6 1,923 14 6

473-475 H 9

£ d.

3,500 ——

3.500 -

600 — — I

4,100 —

NEW BRUNSWICK:

On Account* for freeing a new Powder Magazine, Current Service, and Contingencies - - a

Q^U E B E C:

For Current Service and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies

For Current Service and Contingencies 1 or the Parchaic of Lands -

BERMUDA:

2, COO — —

3,700 ——

1,000 --- —

BAHAMA ISL ANDS:

JAMAICA:

TRINIDAD:

ANTIGUA:

3,000 ——

6,377 12 1

ST CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Sen Ice and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies For Current Service and Contingencies

DOMINICA:

BARBADOES:

Carried forward

3,000

2,500 ——

7,000 — —

9»377 *2 <

3.000 — —

3.000 — —

I ,r?C --- —

12 m

Ext R a o p. d i n a R i es, I 802 — continued.

Brought forward - - -A

ST VINCENT:

For Current Service and Contingencies

GRENADA:

for Current Service and Contingencies ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military'Artificer, for Service of the Minds in general ——

On Account of the Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the West India Elands, Demerara, and Surinam; also in Cura^o, and other Captured Islands; and for Contingencies -

GIBRALTAR:

C s. d.

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers 5,244 7 6

Forage for the C attle employed on ihe Wo.ks - ----- -- 2,646 5 —

Towards the necrifary Repairs and imp-ovements of the Works ----- - 12,660 19 4

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines ----- - 4,740-

Contingencies in the Engineers Department - -- 2,470 18 6

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeepers Departments - -2123798

MALTA:

On Account, for Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores captured there, by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and bea ——

TURKEY:

On Account of the Pay of Military and Civil Officers, and Artificers, sent to Constantinople - -

PORTUGAL:

For Contingencies

CAPE of GOOD HOPE:

For Current Service and Contingencies ——

JERSE Y:

For Repairs and Contingencies - -- - 1,400 — —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - -1,104168

GUERNSEY:

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George, and other Places in the Ifhnd - - - 4,029 19 10

Pay of Half a Company ct Royal Military Artificers - 1,404 16 8

ISLE of MAN:

For Repairs, and Current Service <- - - - . - -

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Cafiies, and Artillery, Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CINQJUE PORTS:

For Works and Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies; also, for Repairs on the Sussex Ccaft

CHAT HA M:

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

Far Repairs of the Works and Buildings - -- jT. 2,798 — —

On Account of the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury, to 30th April - 300 ——

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs of the Buildings, and to ered a Wharf -

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division - £. 6.414-

Towards completing Cumberland Tort - -- - 4,500----

On Account, tar Building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for

Ufc of the Navy - -- -- -- 1,743 — —

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf ----- -- - 3.O1 o---

Poy of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- - 2.829 13 5

Carried forward - - - £.

VOL. 57.

3,000 ——

4,000 — -

1,876 l8 9

40,000 — *

n 0 1,

9c,o Appendix.

/. d. (No. 85.)

12 1 0 o*

3 Jum*

continued.

30,000

130,000 — — -

1,000 — —

3.000 — —

5.000 — — k

2.804 *6 8

5-434 >6 6 500 ——

5,220 —

I,2C0 — ---

11,650 -

2,809 13 £

1,933 ——

3,098 ——

4>436 3 4

i8,u66 13 5

317,107 4 %

Appendix

A, 1802

Appendix, (Xo. 8;.) 3° 7

continued.

Extraordikaries, i 8o2 continued.

GOSPORT:

Brought forward -

\ £ £

3,008 ——

2>*°9 *3 5

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks and the Lines; also for erecting Barracks and Workffiops for the Royal Military Artificers ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel; and for Repairs at St. Nicholas irtand, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and

St. Maw's Cattles, and at Sc lly Ill.ind; L urrent Service, and Contingencies ----- 3,871 — — .

Pay of a Company of Ro)al Military Artificers - -- - 2,809 *3 5

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - - - - 3,602 — __

T owards erecting Barracks lor the Royal Artillery and Royal Military Artificers, and for a Riding House;

also for erecting Wcrkihops, ard re-rbeing Timber dellroyed by the late Fire - 50,000 — —

Pay cf a Company of Ro)al Military Artificers - -- - 2,809 13 5

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers -

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For Repairs of Buildings -

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS, &c.

For Contingencies of Artillery - -- - £.9.000 — — »

For Conting^rcies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery - - 3,000 — —

On Account of the Allowance in Lieu of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of

R yal Military Artificers in Great Britain - -- -- - 7,500 — —

On Account for the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain -

On Account of the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for Quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 16 Field and Staff Officers, 3 Companies of Artillery, and 10 Officers en Second -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, confiding of 17 Officers - -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 339 Men, Officers included ——

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of German Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 2 8 Men, Officers included ——

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Gunner Driver?, attached to the Royal Artillery, £. s. d. in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ----- - 56,483 10 9

Deducl - - The Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and paid there - - 22,450 18 5

----- ----- ---- 34,032 12 4

On Account for the Forage and Supply of Draught Horses, and for Gun Carriages, Waggons, Carts,

Harness, and other Stores, for the Brigade of Royal Horfq Artillery; also. Hire and Forage of Horses for the Corps of Gunner Drivers; and for Contingencies ——

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective boldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain ——

ExTRAORDINAR1EI -

Ordinary ——

Ordinary and Extraordinaries, 1802 - - .

Dcdudl - - Granted by Parliament for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land

Service, for Six Months, to the 30th June 1802 -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries for Six Months, from ill July to

31 It December 1802 ——

16.000 — —

1,500 ——

10.000 — —

1.000 — —

7, OCO ——

2.000 — —

I IO, OCO — ---

Unprovided - - {

- Land Service D° - -

- 17,088 3 4

- 102,917 5 9

Total - - for Great Britain -

5.817 *3 J

6,680

3 S

5641' 13 5 4,000 — -»

2*743 8 I

201,03* 11 4

5,000 — —

598,793 14 10

473-475 14 9

1,072,269 9 7

800,003 -- —

272,266 9 7

120,005 9 *

- £

FOR SERVICE IN IRELAND:

On Account, for the Civil and Military Expences of the Ordnance, in that Part of the United Kingdom, for the Year 1S02--Irish Money - - £.220,000 — —

Being in Sterling - — 203,076 18 5

Deduct - - Granted by Parliament for said Service, for Six Months, to

30th June 1802 - - - -- - 150,000 — —

Total - - for the United Kingdom

- £-

392,2711« *

53,07618 j

445*34* *7 1

Office of Ordnance,' 3d June

)rdnance, 1 1802. 3

A. Ross.

7- Sargent,

Jos. Hunt,

An ACCOUNT of the Sums neceflury for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary

Trouble in the Year 1802.

To Stephen Moore, F.squire, Accoennnt General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and fl.iti: g the Public Accounts of Ireland, laid before this house this Session of Parliament ——

To f hn Smart, D^purv Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for the Year, to 5th January 1802 -

To 1 ir ]< hn Tydd, baronet, in conf;deration of his Attendance, Care, and Experce, in the

Oth.c of P.'yna'der ot Corn Bounties in Ireland -

To Paul Te Ba % Exarrinntor of C rn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Acounts of the L\:d Ohice ——

To Robert M rib 11, Esquire, Insperftor Grn^ral of Irrpo ts and Exports, as a Reward for his hxpeur -ml 1 rouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for Pa'li-ment, for Gn Year, coding the 25th ot Much 1801 ——

T,) Rogers Wrth raM. Fi } C !rrk in th- Oihce of the Inspectnr General of Imports and Exports in 11 clanJ, :or h > extract dinary Trouble in prep.iri g Accounts for Parliament -

To Robe t \Y\up % Fujuire, F\ im:n uor of Excise in Ireland, fur his extraordinary Trouble and

tvpcm* in prtp*iir.g Accounts lor Puihuiucut - -

To rl hom.u Il^lic'd, Clerk n the C £V:e of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament ——

English Money. Iiifli Mon~y.

£ '* d. £ ' d.

313 >6 11 34°

221 IO 9 240 — —

738 9 3 8oo — —

184. 12 4 200 — —

23O 15 5 1 1 0 N

I84 12 4 200 —

184 12 4 200

184 12 4 ' 200 —

Appentfix, (No. 86.)

3* J,v,iL

John Smith.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Expence of Compiling, Printing, and Binding the Eighth Volume of the Jou rnals of the House of

Lords of Ireland, and Index thereto. f

English Mjncy. Irirti Money.

For Compiling and Making an Index to the Paid Journal For Printing and Binding 610 Numbers of the said Journal - - - m Net. £ ' d. 2S0 16 111 2.043 7 8f Net. £ /. d. . 304 5 — 2,213 13 4

£ 2,324 4 7f 2.517 18 4

John Smith.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums remairing Unpaid on Account of Printing and Binding 1,500 Copies of the New Edition of

the Journals of the House of Commons of Ireland.

Irish Money.

Net.

£. s. 3.085 3 8

3.696 1 5

50 ——

7°S ——

m. £ 7»531 5 1

Which Sum of £.7,531. 5. 1. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to - - - £ 6,951 18 6

John Smith.

Vol. 57. 11 T

For Printing 3*3 Sheets Volume Indexes For Printing 363 Sheets General Indexes Robert Gibson, for R^vui g Proofs of General Index For Binding 600 Copies each of Volumes 17, 18, and 19

Appendix, (No. 86.) 3*

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums remaining Unpaid to the Persons employed in preparing a New Edition of the Journals of tht House of Commons of Ireland, for making Indexes to the several Volumes, and a General Index to the whole Work.

Iri/Ji Money.

To the Rev. William O'Connor, William Rafferty, and Rev. George Alley (the Examiners anti Correctors of the Volume Indexes, and Compilers of the General Index) for One Year and an Half extraordinary Labour beyond the Eilimate, at the Rate of £.400 each per Annum, being the Sum heretofore paid them -

To Ditto for Expences incurred by them in the Payment of Clerks, for the Purpose of expediting the Work, pur-fuanc to the Right Hon. Mr. Porter's Directions ——

To the Rev. W. O'Connor and Wm. Rafferty, for assimilating the Index of the 17th Volume to the other Indexes — No Provision being made for this index, the Sum paid for that to the 16th Volume is charged -

To John Smith, for a like Work performed by him to the 18th Volume ——

To Ditto, for his extraordinary Trouble in examining the old Edition of the Journal*, and the original Accounts end Reports in the Record Office, in order to have the same published in the Appendixes to the New Edition, inaku.g Schedules, wit a Directions for the Printers, and for his Attendance on the Press 2 - Years, at £.200 per Annum, of which £. 2CO was received ——

To Wm. Rafferty, for examining and revi/ing the old Edition of the Journals in which Petitions had been only briefed, for frarching the Record Office for all original Petitions, let 1114 1 em form fully in tj;e New li lition, making schedules, and attending the Press, &c. 2 Years, at £.200 per Annum, of which £. 200 was received -

Net.

£ ' d.

i,8co — — .

300 — —

100 — —

IOC — —

300 — —

200 -

2,800 — —

PVm O'Connor. Will. Rafferty. George Alley. John Smith.

Appendix,

(No. 87.)

9° Junii. 1 ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's N A V Y; for the Year 1802.

---- — - _ I

No.

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8

9*.

10.

11.

12.

13* M-

y7-

18.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

Superannuated S"a Officers - -- £.42,110

Penftons and other Allowances - -- - 20.333

i Yards - - - <

11.543

11,094 12 5S6 i6,b87 10.044 14,882

Chatham Deptford -

Woolwich -

Portsmouth - -

Sheerness - Plymouth -

Muller Mailers, and other Officers of the Out-Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

Charge of Hirbour Mooring, an i Harbour Rigging ——

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, and Buildings, &c. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Wounded Litablishment ——

5

l7

>5

j6

9 4 13 10

3

3

4l

4

5

2

3

d.

H9.933 7 n

62,44+ 1 $

77«°3 9

8 6

13.335 13 11 74-5+5 12 *

65,596 11 8

63,300 ——

252,040 — — 230,000 — — 1,231 17 6

77,292 4 10

21,765 17 11

Abate, for Six Lunar Months, voted for the Year 1802; viz. 3 Months, voted 12th November 1801 - -

a Months, voted 13th March 1802 ——

1 Month, voted 20th May 1802 - - -

1,058,524 17 5

£,210,604 ----- ---1

140,403 — — >

70,201 — — 3

421,208 — —

The Total of the Ordinary Eilimate of the Navy remaining to be voted for the Year 1802, amounts to

637,316 17 5

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy remaining to be voted for the Year 1802, amounts to Six Hundred Thirty-seven Thousand Three Hundred and Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence.

A. S. Hamond. J. Honflow Wm Rule. IV. Palmer.

IV. Bellingham. H. Harmood. S. Gambier. ' F. J. Hartwell.

NAVY-OFFICE, ift June 1802.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Maj tsty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; for the Year 1802.

PLACE

Where.

DEPTFORD

WOOLWICH - - 98 Ocean - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain -

7+ Invincible - Ordered to be built -

38 Lively - - Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain -

36 Ethalion Building - - - - In Hand Uncertain -

— Loweftoffe - Ordered to be built -

CHATHAM

SHEERNESS

GUNS.

74

YacJn

SHIPS

NAMES.

Building,

or

Nature of their Repair.

Colossus - - Building -

Fame - - Building - -

(New) No. 1. Building - -

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand -In Hand In Hand In Hand

Completed.

Hulls, Mad-, and Yards.

May 1802 -Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

(New) No. 2. Building -

1

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired -

Total

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired

Total - -

98 Impregnable Ordered to be built

74 Warfpight - Ordered to be built

— Revenge Building -

36 Meleager - Ordered to be built

— Iphigenia . - Ordered to be built

100 Victory - - Large Repair

In Hand

In Hand

Uncertain

Uncertain -

For One 74-Gun Ship that may be ordered for Repair For One 74-Gun Ship that may be ordered for Repair For One 74-Gun Ship that may be ordered for Repair

Total -

Charge of their

8.570

6,800

4,880

2,280

15,280

Rigging and Stores.

37'8'o

5°

38

Antelope - j Building - - - -La Foite - i Ordered to be built -

In Hand

Uncertain.

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired - -

Total - -

PORTSMOUTH -

PLYMOUTH -

74

5°

Sloop

98

74

74

20

Sloop

120 110

93

112

80

Scipio - -Tiger - -

Brazen - -

Queen - -

Defiance

Montagu -

Russel - -San Antonio Sphinx - -Biifk - -

Caledonia -Hibernia -Union - -

Salvr d'Mundc

Tonnant -

Ordered to be built

Building -

Ordered to be built

I Between Middlin I and Large Repair

f Be tween Small and 7 \ Middling Repair - 3

C Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair 3

Large Repair - -

Large Repair -

Middling Repair - -

Middling Repair - -

In Hand

In Hand -Uncertain -

Uncertain -

In Hand Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

March 1802

June 1802 Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Total -

Ordered to be built -

Building - -

Ordered to be built -

{Between Small and Middling Repair -

Middling Repair - -

In Hand

April 1802 In Hand

Uncertain -

Carried forward -

Deer 1802 -Uncertain -

----- -£

Vol. 57.

14,600

8co

*3>65o

4»3°o

400

9»*oo

42,950

7>i 10

4.560

3.*oo

2.100

2.100 34-420 12,800 12,800 12,800

9I.89O

*4,300

920

6,240

1 ,460

ICO

600

600

3,600

4,900

2,860

2,080

1,630

6,570

740

74O

6,390

2, OCO

2,000

2, C00

13,870

TOTAL.

4,960

2,330

7 293

8,670 6; 800 '5,480 2,880

l8,880

42 7*0

14,600

800

16,510

6,380

400

10,830

49*5a

7, MO

4,560

3,200

2.840

2.840 40,8 IO

14,800

14.800

14.800

2,260

2,620 I IO

1,190

1,410 |

2,740 !

8lO '

650 !

105,760

19,260

920

8,570

11,770

4,920

4^7°

28,750

8,000

14.260'

1,600

3*75°

10,470

17,710

21,120

23,5*0

3 37° 2,660

>34*45°

3,200

14,7°°

800

2944°

j8,6co

9,090

66,740

Appendix,

(No. 87.)

90 J.mi

continued.

Diglti2ea

Appendix, (No. 87.) 9*

ttmtiuutd.

PLACE

Where.

PLYMOUTH

GUNS.

MILFORD -

River THAMES -

NORTHFLEET -BURSLEDON - -FRINSBURY - -BUCKLERSHARD

WOOLWICH - -

CHATHAM

PORTSMOUTH

PLYMOUTH -

74

20

74

44

Sloop

SHIPS

NAMES.

Pompee *

Culloden

Poulette

Milford -Lavinia -Nautilus

Building,

Nature of their Repair.

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

Comp) red.

Brought forward Middling Repair - -

Large Repair - -

Very small Repair

Uncertain -In* Hand Uncertain -

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Total -

Ch r^c Of list- T

ni \ d4. 1 a -.d b? r

r,

18,120

9'7*P

1.1*50

86 640

C-

9>°

3'9'°

3-4So 1,4 is c

TOTAL.

17 9 ;o

Building

Building

Building

In Hand In Hand In Hand

Uncertain -Uncertain -Ur.ccituin -

2,080

1,890

1,820

3

2,160

i,36o

Total -

5-79°

7 9°

MERCHANTS YARDS:

74

36

36

7+

36

Sceptre -Albion Hero -IlluArious Repu'fe -

Eagle -

Tribune

Pallas -

(New) -Euryalus

Buildi.,

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

In Hand In H?nd In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand

In I In Hand

d -

Uncertain -In Iniid -

July 1802 -August 1802 Fcb^ 1803 -July 1802 -

Jan'' 1803 -

Uncertain -

March 1803

061' 1S02 -

March 1803 Deer 1802 -

Total for the Ships in Merchants Yards - - -To 1 al for the Ships in the Ki ng's Yar ds - - . -Tot al for the Ships at Mi 61 or d ——

GRAND TOTAL for the Shits - -

13>:

13>; 10

26,393 18,660 17>5i° 19,360 ic,6 :o 1^,390

9 7^o 11,6 2 o

2,0^0 4,820 4,830 1,620 3,630

4 ?5°

2,: Co

3.2:0

*5^3!°

403.4;°

5-790

29.500

62.-50

7-9 4°

r.-

66,740

22 020 I 3.220 2 (jIO

IOL.59O

6 coo 4050 3,680

3 73

15,220

148,5°

3 1 4-'-> 20,300 21,170

24,210

12,870

13,620

9 790

13,860

180,810 465.780 lh750

560,550 I 99,790 660,320

On WORKS of the YARDS:

To complete Six Bays of Sawpits, Look out House, and Landing Place, with as much of the Wharf Wall next the River as can be complied with -

Total -

To complete the New Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf, for Carpenters and Boatswains Stores - - j

Total - - -I

To take the Earth to the Depth proposed, an4 complete the Wall with Granite Stone to the Great Bason To carry on the Stone Wharf and Dam at the Boundary of the Yard ——

To carry on and build Locks, with Mallhnufcs over them, in the inner Mail Fond -

To complete the Cellars over the Reservoir ——

To build the Il iwler H< use on the No th Side of the Entrance into the Bason -

To carry on the South Bast Dock in t^e Bason, and Drains ——

To creel Buildings over the Reservoir, for carrying on various Works by Machinery -

Total -

Towards building a Wall; digging and blowing away the Rock at the Well Front of the Rt pchouse, to form the Road in Front oi the said House ——

Towards blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill - -

Towards building the Whaif Wall of the large South Jetty Head and Landing Place ... Towards building the new Store Boathouse ——

To erecting a Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard, fronting the CommissionerC Lodgings -To digging away the Rock that the old Ropehouse Hood on, and bail Green, and building blope Wall* To digging away the Rock that the higher o'd Storehouse Hands on, &c.

Towards building the tall Cross intermediate new' Storehouse ——

low ards building Slope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars, and Necessaries, at the Back of the Oncers new Offices ——

To diggit g the Rock at the Back of the Oncers new Offices, and Slopes -

To building a new Painters Shop, agreeably to the IMan ——

Towards building a Reservoir, for receiving the Water brought inside the Yard Gates -To building a new Working Sited on the new Ground ——

To building a new Shed to cover the Mooring Chains, Shackles, Swi\slf, Rings cn the new Ground - -

To building a Platform, Roof, &c. over the new Coal Yard, and Cinder Puund for holding the S ..it, is Cniztl Rods, small Iron, Ac....

Total -

8,640

8 640

2,100

2.100

800

16.000

16,0^0

7*37°

640 3 2.coo 7*6 co

80.410

450

1,4°° 3,280 1,30 69° 4 4'-o 3*7+0

920 720 1,840 1,2 ;o 280

560

3<T>

22.0 ;o

42 Geo. Ilf

Appendix.

989

A B S T RACT:

f Hulls 1 ' I Rigging and Stores - &

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards 403-43° ? - 62.350 j 465,780

For the S: ins in Merchants Yards - - f Hulls -" \ Rigging and Stores - - , S,-3,° I *9,500 j 180,810

For the Ships at Mi lj or d - - _ C Hulls -" I Rigging and Stores - 5-79° I 7-94° J *3-7 3°

Toward* Improvements in the Yards ----- - - - 113,180

Grand Total - - £.775,500

Abate,

For Six Lunar Months, voted for the Year; viz.

Three Months, voted 12th November 1801 ----- -- £.233,635

Two Months, voted 13th March 1802 - - ----- 155,756

One Month, veud 20th May ]Sc2 - - - - 77,878

----- ----- ---467*267

Total - - - £.306,253

r.z.

The Sum of Three Hundred and Six Thousand Tv/o Hundred and Thirty-three Pounds.

A. S. Ilamond. J. HenJIow. Wm Rule.

Appendix (No. 87.) 9* 'ju

continued.

Trar.fpo.t Other, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Payment of the Hire of Transports; and for 3J June icoi.,) thr Dbw..a*ge of tin- i'.^punce of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, which will become payable between the iSth June 1802 and the 31st December following.

For the Service of Transports ——

For the Service of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad -

£ J-

481,569 IO 3

- 126,979 4 10

£ 608,548 15 I

Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, 9th June 1802.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Maintaining Sick Prisoners of War, for Seven Lunar Months; commencing the

18th June 1802.

l8:h Jure, and 1 .5th JJ.y - - - f jr. s. j. 2,000 — —

16th JuTy - - -,) 12 th August - 3 3,000 —

13 h Aug ell - 7 9J1 September 3 2,000 — —

loth September 1 7ih October - j - - - 2,000 — —

8th October - > 4th November 3 - - 1,000 — — °

5th November 1 2d December J I>000 — — »

3d December 1 30th December J 1,000 — —

£ I 2,000 / — —

The Sum Total is - - - Twelve Thousand Pounds.

Ju. ltarness.Weir.

VOL.

S 7*

ii U

Appendix, (No. 88.)

9 Junii.

Aw ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Yeomakuy Corps of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;

for the Year 1802.

Two Days Exercise Pay per Month, from the 25th Day of May to the 24th Day of December 1802 - . £. 30,000 — —

Henry Hamilton.

Appendix, (No. 89.)

9 Junii.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing the Amount of the Sums wanting to complete £.3,100,000. granted 4t out of the Monies that shall " a rife from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund; for the Service of the Year 1801."

Two Millions Six Hurdred Seventy-six Thousand and Eighty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ‘ 9th June 1802.

N. Vanfiilarl.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per A 39 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 33. intituled, An Act 4t to enab'c the Lords Commissioners of His Majell/'s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bi'ls to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such 4* Aids or Supplies as ha/e been, or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1800; and to enable the Governor and Company of the B~t.k of England to advance Calli or Bullion to be remitted Abroad, on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services Abroad," outflunding, and unprovided for.

One Million Sixty-six Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety.three Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 9th June 1802. }

N. Vansittart.

Appendix, (No. 90.) xo Juiii.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Valuation of the Dutch Ships, which surrendered to His Majesty's Fleet, under the Command of Vice Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchell, at the New Deep, on the 30th August 1799.

£ /. /.

Amount of Valuation of the Ships surveyed at Chatham ----- -- Amount of Valuation of the Ships surveyed at Sheerncfs ----- -- 100,397 106,035 7 — 3 4

Total Amount of Valuation by the Surveyors Deduction: From the Amount, by the Commissioner of the Navy, as Over-valuation - 206,432 6,619 10 4 'S 9

« c 199,812 '4 7

One Hundred and Ninety-nine Thousand Eight Hundred and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

Navy-Office, 1 10th June 1802.3

A. S. 111 non J.

Am ACCOUNT of the Excess in the Year ending 5th January 1802, beyond the Sum limited by the Act 3 zd Geo. III. Cap. 53,

as the Annual Charge for the Expences of the Seven Police Offices.

One Thousand Two Hundred and Ninety Pounds and Four Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ? 10th June 1802. 3

JV. Vansittart.

42 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

99 r

Am ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in the Prosecution of George Stratton. Esquire, and others, for deposing Lord Picot, and usurping the Government of Fort Saint Gioroe, in the East Indies.

Appendix,

(No. 90.)

10° Junii,

continued.

One Thousand One Hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1 %

loth June 1S02. I

N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred by the Sierra Leone Company, for Maroons, which were sent there

from Halifax.

Five Thousand Nine Hundred and Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Clumbers, 1 loth June 1802. }

N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanting to defray the Expences of the Commifton

of the American Treaty.

under the 6th and 7th Articles

Eleven Thousand Nine Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 1

10th June 180a. J N. Vansittart,

An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred in Printing the 54th and 53th Volumes of the Journals of the Honourable Housi

of Commons, with the Indexes thereto.

Four Thousand Six Hundred and Five Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, loth June 1802.

1

N. Vansittart.

An E S T I M AT E of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expences likely to be incurred for Printing the Journals of the House of Commons; for Printing and Delivering the Votis 5 and for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the Ilcufe of Commons, during the present Session of Parliament; including Two Volumes of Population Returns,

Twelve Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Trcnfury C hambers, loih June 1802.

IV. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of Expences incurred under the Directions of the Commissioners app^nted by His Majesty, for publishing the

Records of the Kingdom.

Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence.

\Vhitchai\ Treasury Chambers,' June ieo2.

VOL.

57-

N. Vansittart,

1

Appendix

A. 1802

992

Appendix, (No. 90.) jo* Junii,

C 9 Ml mud.

Air ACCOUNT of Expences incurred by Mcflrs. Etre and Steahan, in pursuance of an Act of 41st Geo. III. for taking

an Account of the Population of Great Britain.

Six Hundred and Twelve Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Whitehall, Treafjry Chambers, 7

io;h June 1802. 3 N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the Two Houses of Parliament, and of the

House of the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Nineteen Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

10th June 1802. 3 N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of Expences incurred in the Alterations that were necessary on the Change of the Apartments allotted

to the Office of Duchy of Cornwall, in Somerfec Place.

Six Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers loth June 1802.

N. Vansittart.

An ACCOUNT of Expences incurred in Repairs of the Fleet Prison.

Three Hundred and Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 10th June 1802. J

N. Vansittart.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign, and other Secret Services, for Nine

Months; from the id of April 1802 to the id of January 1803.

Ninety Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 10th June 1802.

N. lra>ijlttart.

Ak ACCO UNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, from the 2jjth

25th of March 1802.

of March 1801 to the

CHARGE:

£ * A

To Cash received per Kyig's Warrant, in consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons -

To Cash; further Grant, in consequence of a Requisition from a Committee of the House of Lords to the Board, 44 to examine into, and report to their Lordships, the best Means of converting certain Pomions of Grass Lands into Tillage, without exhausting the Soil, and of returning M the same to Grass, after a certain Period, ig an improved State, or at least without Injury" -

3,000 — — %

800 — —

Appendix,

(No. 91.) 4

i i°Junii.

DISCHARGE:

By Printing .....

- - Maps, Engraving, See. ——

- - 4 Quarters Salaries to the Officers, at the Rate of, to the Secretary - - - £. 40o'per Annum.

...-.-...--.-.-the Under Secretary - 200 - D®

----- ----- ----- - - the Chief Clerk - - 190 - D°

----- ----- ----- - - the Second D® - - 80 - D°

----- ----- ----- - - the Third D° - - - 50 - D®

- - Stationary ——

- - Books and Bookbinding ——

- - Surveys ——

- - Miscellaneous Articles ——

- - Rent, Taxes, and Office Disbursements - '.

- Feci on Receipt of the Grant of £. 3,000. ——

- Fees on the further Grant of £.'800. -

- Payments, in Part, in Rewards for Essays sent to the Board, in consequence of the Requisition

from the Committee of the House of Voids, including Expences thereupon - *

605 18 249 — 7

920 — — *

98 11 7

211 5 —

60 — —

1J6 8

4'4 11 4

84 16 —

48 *7 —

950 11 8

John Grant,

T reafurer*

«Navy-Office/ihIi June 1802.

An ESTIMATE of the proposed Increase of Half Pat to Commission Officers, and of the proposed Additional Pay to Warrant Officers, for Six Months, commencing the 1 ft July 1802, amounts to about

Thirty Thousand Pounds.

tVm Rule.

J. Henjlow* *

S. Gambier.

Appendix* (No. 92.) 11° Juniu

Appendix,

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray thfc Civil Contingent Charges, for the Service of that Part (No. 93.)

of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year 180*. x j© Junjim

Fifty Thousand Pounds.

London, ioih June 1S02.

'James C

V*t. £7.

II x 1

994

Appendix.

A. 1802

Appendix,

J (No. 94.)

11* Junii.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Imported Into Ireland,

in the Year ended 25th March 1801.

Year ended 25th March 1801 -

Value of IMPORTS.

C

4>44S»cS;

London, 1 June if, 1802. |

R. Marshall,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Ireland.

Am ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Value of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, Exported to Foreign Countries; distinguishing the Value of the Exports to Foreign* Countries in Europe from the Value to all other Foreign Countries; in the Year ended 25th March 1801.

VALUE of EXPORTS

( To Foreign Europe. > To other Countries. TOTAL.

Year ended 25th March 1801 - - £ 182,242 £ 443.145 £ 625.387

London, June n, 1802

R. MarJJiatl,

Inspector General of t're Exports and Imports of Ireland.

4^ Gko. Ill,

Appendix

999

Appendix, (No. 96.)

15* Junii-

of the Year

Appendix (No. 95.)

ACCOUNT

OF THE

PUBLIC INCOME OF GREAT BRITAIN;

FOR THE YEAR ENDED FIFTH JANUARY 1802:

tec. i£c.

0

Vol. 57.

11 Y

997

Appendix,

(No. 94 )

11* Junii.

994 "

>2:

:fpc£tivelydistinguiQiing also the

Balances or Bills in the Hands

- er Appropriated or Unappropriated; An r

f Appendix, < (No. 95.) (_l i° Junii*

BALANCES: TOTAL DISCHARGE of the NET PRODUCE.

ALANCE ic Hands of 'olle&ort on the -anuary 1802. I t BALANCE in the Hands of ReceiversGcncrai on the 5th January i8ot.,) BILLS arising out of the 1 Revenue 1801, j remitted to the 1 Receiver General' in London, but which not becoming due until after the 5thjanuary 1801, are therefore carried to Account of the latter Year,

t £ i- 67; 15 ?A8 14 4J c- ». * i8,8jo 6 5i £. *. d. 86,337 4 3* 9,866 15 icj f, *. d. 7,234,461 11 Sf 521,645 12 if

44* 10 ij 18,830 6 5J 96,104 0 14 7»756»»07 3 9$

- 9,118 1 11; 60,856 19 1J 9,000 0 0 - ji 10,569,976 16 o| 925,465 12

- - 69,975 1 9,000 0 0 n»495»440 8 4l

538 10 61 10,165 8 6 3,126 9 1 2,861,911 8 7l >74»945 8 6

538 10 61 20,165 8 6 3,116 9 1 3,036,856 17 i{

357»*JS >6 7 60,557 1 6 - - - 4»499»959 >7 7i 215>433 7 3

417,791 l8 1 - - - 4.715.393 4 lot

i5I .5 8' 24} '} i 3,769 17 O 8,390 14 3 *4»494 *6 3 861,205 11 4 § 121,645 4 io{

49S 8 9 3,-69 17 O 22,885 10 6 982,850 16 3

- - *.397 >5 4i 11,983 1 5J - - - 33.8}! 14 4t-11,983 1 5*

- - 14,380 16 io\ - - - 45,815 15 1 o±

- - 0 6 61 - - - 40,692 0 if 2,605 6 4l

- - 0 6 61 - - - 43i*97 6

- - 325 0 10} 23,704 15 if

- - 389 >5 ,1 - - - 5,926 8 9f

47« 9 5 555,629 11 4!; 131,215 19 ioJ 28,105,391 16 9j

5,709 0 8 10,828 19 4

1,535 10 61 *>535 6i

4 - , - -- „ — n - ~ .1 7j>o64 5 it

y

t

k

gfio. nr*

Appendix

999

RETURN TO AN ORDER OF THE HONOURABLE HOUSE OF COMMONS* DATED THE 26TH DAY OF FEBRUARY 1802,

Appendix, j

(No. 96.) j

15* Jttnii,

FOR

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what INCREASE or DIMINUTION has taken place in the Number and Amount of the " Salaries, Emoluments, end Expences, of all the PUBLIC OFFICES in Great Britain, for the Year " 1801."

Treasury *

Secretary of State, Home Department D° - - - - Foreign D°

D° - - - - War - D° -

Alien Office ——

War Office -

Ordnance Office ——

Admiralty -

Navy ——

Victualling ——

Sick and Hurt ——

Transport Office -

Tax Office ——

Stamp Office -

Pod Office -

Cudoms - -

Excise ——

Exchequer Sill Office -

Commissioners for Auditing Public Accounts -Muster Master General's Office -lottery Office ——

Stationary Office ——

Cudoms, Scotland -Excise - - D°

Comptrollers Army Accounts -

Auditors Land Revenue -

Barrack Office ——

Signet Office ——

Office for the Reduction of the National Debt -

INCREASE.

£ s- *2,491 5 6|

2>3S8 3 *

3,908 16 4

687 4 6

615 ——

4,982 18 10 12,647 18 4

2,513 8 2

419 19 —

333 19 6

Hackney Coach Office Mint -

Surveyor Crown Lands ——

raymaster General - - - ♦

Auditor Receipt of the Exchequer -

Surveyor General of" Woods -

Solicitor of the Treasury -

Receiver of the 1 s. and 6 d. Duties on Pensions, &c.

Remembrancer of First Fruits

Receiver of ... D* _ .

Receiver of Tenths ....

Privy Seal Office -Hawkers and Pedlars

3,692 19 9|

22,050 s ~ 82,147 S 2 65 16 4

2>333 *4 7l

340 4 —

1,073 11 1

11,902 19 4

50 ——

>3 7 —

DIMINUTION.

52 10 ---

75 ——

c

£ ' *

749 13 8

5'8 >3 9

APPENDIX.

1,205 6

4*58 7

27 9

93 —

) Nil.

154*75^ 5 9

7,176 10 6

'i

>4/»5r9 >5

424 —

Nil.

£.7,176 10 6

See Page I coo

1001 ib.

1002 ib.

1C03 1004 1008 ib. ib. ib.

1009

ib.

1010

1011

1012

1013

ib.

1014

ib.

ib.

1015 ib.

1016 ib.

1017 ib.

1018

1019

1012

ICI4

io(6

ib.

ib.

1017

ib.

1018 ib. ib. ib. ib.

1019

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,] 15th June 1802. 1

IV. Vanjittavt

Vol. Si-

ll z

Appendix, (No. 96.)

15* Juiiii,

Cmtmmtd.

APPENDIX.

TREASURY.

RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 26th Day of February 1802, for ft An Account, Shewing * what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all " the Public Offices in Grb at Britain, for the Year 1801as far as the same relates to the TREASURY.

INCREASE.

By an additional Allowance to the Chief Clerk of the Revenue Department, in Consideration of diligent and faithful Services, as by Minute of the 9th £. /. d. March 1801, annexed ..... - 300 — —

By the Waivor of a Portion of his Salary, on the Part of Mr. Rose, one of the late Secretaries, ceasing, on his retiring from Office - 750 — —

By an Addition to the Salaries of the Five Chief Clerks, by Minute of the 12th May 1801, an* nexed; viz.

To Three of them who had been more than £.

20 Years in the Office, each £.320. - 960

To Two of them who had been more than 15 Years in the Office, each £. 120. - 240

----- -1,200 — —

By an Addition of One Shilling per Day, to the Allowances of the Extra Clerks, each £. 18. 5/. 36 10 —

By an Addition of One Supernumerary Clerk - 90 —

Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries - - - 10 10 11

Stationary.....123 17 2}

Incidents - - - 43 7 5i

2*554 s 6*

63 —

<C-M9‘ 5

Treasury Chambers, Whitehall,! 15th June 1802. 3

DIMINUTION.

By the falling-in of the Allowar.ee enjoyed by the

Bag-bearer and Ranger of Books, in lieu of Apart- £. /. d. xnents, upon his Death - - - - 63 —

N. Vansittart.

COPY of TREASURY MINUTE, of the 9th March i8or.

P R E

Mr.

Mr.

Mr.

In Consideration of the faithful and diligent Services of Mr. Joseph Alcock, Chief Clerk of the Revenue Department of this Office, and particularly of his Care and Attention in coadudling the Business of issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, and in keeping and preparing the Public Accounts, by which very

SENT:

Pitt,

Smyth, bus.

befteficial Effects have arisen to the Public, and which has much increased the Labours of his Official Duty; My Loans are pleased to grant him an Extra Allowance of £. 300 per Annum, to commence from the first of January 1800, payable out of the Customs.

COPY of TREASURY MINUTE of the 12th May 1801.

PRESENT:

The Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Smyth,

Lord George Thykke,

Mr. Bon d.

Mr Lords, in Confi leration of the long, uftful, and active Services of the present Chief Clerks of the Treasury, of the increased Labour of their Offices and of the exemplary Manner in which they have been executed, direct, that the Salary of each Chief Clerk should be made up to £. 1,400 per Annum, provided

such Chief Clerks should have served in the Ojjice Twenty Years; and to £. 1,200 per Annum, provided such Chief Clerks should have served Fifteen Years in tbt Office\ — and in other Cafes to remain as before.

Appendix.

42 Geo. III.

1001

SECRETARY OF STATE. — Home Department.

Whitehall, 9th March 1802.

ACCOUNT, Shewing what Incie asi or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, in the Office of His Majesty's Principal SECRETARY OF STATE for the Home Department, for the Year 1801.

Appendix, (No. 96.) 15* Junii,

continued*

l8oi.

IN C R E Act

DIMINUTION.

Effobliihinent of Office:

By an Order of His Majesty in Council of the 18th February i&ci, £.250 per Annum was added to the present S.lary of the Chief Clerks of the re-fpcftivr Offices of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Stat?, provided such Clerks shall have held that Situation for the Period of Five Years and £. /. d.

upward.....220 22

Contingent Fund ----- - 1,734 17 11

N. B. — Rv Expenres incurred from the long Residence here of an from the Dey of Algiers.

By an AHouarxe to the Office Keeper of the Signet Office, in lieu of Apartment which he had tiil the Removal of it to Somerset Pbcc in 1793, at £ 52. 10/. per Annum.

Mefficngers Bills - - - £.523 2 8

N. B.-Bv the Maintenance of a Number of Pei font confined for Treasonal!e Pra&itcs; and on the Removal of others from the North of Scotland to Dublin.

- — None. ——

By the Death of Mr. G. Carrington, a Superannuated £. /. d.

Clerk - . - - - - 119 19 7

— None. —

Will1* Pollock,

First Clerk.

SECRETARY OF ST AT E. — Foreign Department.

An ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolument#, and Expences of the S EC R ETA RY OF STATE'S Office for Foreign Affairs, in the Year 1801.

C

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

Establishment of Office:

By Order of Council of the nth February 1801, a Conditional Allowance of £.600 per Annum was granted to Edward Fisher, Esq. on quitting the Office of Under Secretary of State, to continue so long as be should not enjoy any Situation of equal £. /. d.

Value - -- -- - 319 — 9

By Order of Council of the 18th February 1801, the Salary of the Chief Clerk, who h.id held that Situation for Five Years or upwards, was increased from £. i,oco to £. 1,250 per Annum - - 220 8 —

By another Order of Council, dated 16th Jane 1801, an additional Allowance of j£. 250 per Annum was granted to the First Senior Clerk, as Affi'dant to the Under Secretaries - - - 218 4 —

Contingent Account - £ 5>026 3 7

In consequence of the Death of Mr. Hinchliffe, his

Allowance of £.100 per Annum, ceased on the £. s d* 5th April 1801 - - - 75 — "

Vou 57.

MESSENGERS BILLS:

The Messengerj Bill‘d not being delivered in, bo Account can at present be made out

Appendix,

(No. 96,) SECRETARY OF STATE — War Department.

>5* Jut",

tattinuiJ. RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, " That there be laid before the House an Account, shewing

t " "hat Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of ail

" the Public Offices for the Year 1801/' so far as the same applies to Lord Hobart's Department.

SALARIES and EMOLUMENTS of OFFICERS.

INCREASE.

In the Sum of £. 337 5 3J

By the Addition cf £. 250 per Annum to the Salary of the present Ciiicf Clerk, in Conformity to His Majesty's Order in Council of i8:h February

lboi, he having held that Situation upwards of

5 Years.....220 8 —

By a Pension of £.300 per Annum, in Conformity to His Mnjcdy's Order in Council of 17th March 1801, to Mr. Colquhoun, retiring on Account of ill Health, commencing 20th of February 1801 ^261 3 3

By the Appointment of Two additional Clerks, in Conformity to His Majesty's Order in Council of 12th December 1801:

The one at a Salary of £.140 per Annum, from

23d September 1S01 - . - -41 28

The other at a Salary of £. 130 per Annum, from

27th November 1801 - - - - 14 11 4$

537 5 3r

DIMINUTION.

By the Sum of - - - £. 33 17 6}

Arising from the Absence of the 5th Clerk on Public Service, from the 10th of October lad.

4

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

In the Sum of 633. 16. 9J.

Arising principally from Payment of the Travelling Expences of Officers employed on particular Services, by Order of the Secretary of State, or charged with Dispatches from the Armies on didant Foreign Service; and by One Quarter's Payment of a Salary of £. 1,000 per Annum to a Chief Clerk appointed for the War Department.

» — None. " *

INCREASE.

None.

8th March 1802.

MESSENGERS BILLS:

DIMINUTION

Probably - -- -- - £. 300

All the Bills not being delivered, on Account of feme MclTengers being dill Abroad, no accurate Account can be made out.

ALIEN DEPARTMENT.

Ax ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the ALIEN DEPARTMENT, for the \ ear 1801,

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION.

Salaries ----- --- None.

Contingent Expences ——

N. B. The Increase in the Contingencies of this Year arises from the Ernercc incurred in employing additional Agents on the Coal!, to prevent an improper Communication with France and Ilolhr.d; and in Messengers Bills, for maintaining Aliens in Custody, and conveying them out of the Kingdom.

Alien O'fice, 7 8:h Murcu 1802. {

None. — -

J. Kin

Gcorre

c. ir.

WAR-OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place irt the Number and Amount of the Sal&riet, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of His Majesty's SECRETARY AT WAR, for the Year 1801.

Appendix, (No. 96.) < 150 Junii,

continued*

In the Year 1801, there has been an Increase of Four in the Number, and of £. 1,960. in the Annual Amount of the Salaries of the Officers of His Majesty's Secretary at War (including retired Officers) in the Manner following:

Per Annum.

The Chief Examiner of Army Accompts, on account of his extreme ill Health from a Paralytic Stroke (after a Service of more than 35 Years) was permitted to retire on an Allowance for his Life of £.1,100 per Annum, to commence from Christmas 1801 [up to which Time his full Salary of £. 1,500 was continued to him] - - £ 1,100

The Salaries of several Clerks have been augmented, in consequence of Increase of Business and Responsibility, or, from the Pressure of the Times; viz.

One Principal Clerk, who eeased to act, and receive Salary as Private Secretary to the Secretay at War, from £.1,000 to £. 1,100 ——

Oae, who has been nearly 25 Years in the Office, from £.900 to £.950 -

Four Clerks from - - £.120 to £.130-

Six - - D® from - - no to 120

Seven - I)* from - - 100 to no -

Seven - D° from - 90 to 100

Five - D, on their severally completing One Year's actual Attendance, from £.90 to £.100 ——

Private Secretary to the Secretary at War, not holding, as his Predecessor had done, another Appointment in the Office of equal Amount; from £. 100 to £.300, according to His Majesty's Order in 179 7 -

One Clerk for Mifwdlaneous Accompts, not on the Establishment of the Office, from £. a00 to £-3<*....

Three additional Clerks have been appointed, in consequence of the great Increase of BuUness, each at £.90 per Annum ——

loo

SO

40

60

70

7o

so

200

too

270

£.2,110

Diouct, Difference or Decrease between the Salary vacated by the Officer appointed Chief Examiner of Army Accompts, and that of his Successor..... 130

Th. atove Account shews the afkaal Increase of the Number of Persons, and of the Annual Amount of their Salaries; but as the Arrangements on this Head took place at different Periods, the Total Amount of the additional Charge on Account thereof within the the Year 1 Sol, was only £. 1,9^9. 41. 11d*

The further additional Charges within the Year are as follow; viz.

A Special Grant of £. i.oco to the late Chief Examiner of Army Accounts, in Consideration of his Extraordinary Services in 1796 and 1797; being nearly the Amount of the Difference between his atfual Receipts by Salary and Fees during those Years, and the Rate of Salary (£.1,500.) fixed for him on the General Arrangement which took place in the War-Office from the Beginning of t79*.

A like Grant of £. 500 to one of the Principal Ash Hants in the Department of Accompts, in Acknowledgment of his Extraordinary Labour and Ability in planning and carrying into Execution various Measures for improving, and rendering more effectual, the new Syilem of Regimental Accompts.

An Increase of £. 596. 10/. 6 d, in the Amount of the Sums paid for Extra Bufinefi.

An Increase of £. 977. 3 s. 5 d. in the Expences of the Office, under the Heads of the Stationer's Bill, the Messenger's Bill, and the Land Tax.

There are no Emoluments in the Office, except the Salaries, and occasional Allowances for Extra Buhness; and the Fee Fund has been thus far adequate to the hole Expenditure of the Department.

C. Yorkt.

War-Office, 1 15th March 1802. 3

Vo L 57*

12 A

Appendix.

4. 1802.

j\pj)cndix, (No. 96.) 150

continued.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salarioi, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of ORDNANCE, in the Year 1801.

Increase of Salaries.

Ma/ler General

Lieutenant General -Surveyor General - *

Secretary to the Mailer General Secretary to the Board -

Under Secretary to the Mailer General 1 Clerk.....D°.

- from 1,500.

- - 1,100.

800.

- - 300.

760. 900. 200.

and from

£ to 3,000. to 1,500. to 1,200. to 500. to 900. to 1,000. to 300. - - to 150.

- p. Annum, from 1 July

- p. D° - - I> -

D° - - D° -

D® - - D® -

D°, for the Year 1 D°, from 1 July D° - D° -

D°; for the Year

1 D® - - - - 7°. - - - to 100. - - - D® -

I First Clerk to the Lieutenant General 00 0 - - - to 200. - - - D® -

2 - D® - - - ~ 400. - - - to 550. - - - DP -

2 - D® - - - 200. - - - to, 400. - - - D® -

I Senior Clerk - - - 200. - - - to 400. - - D® -

I - D® - - - 200. - - - to 300. - - - D® -

3 - D® - - - - 150. - - - to 250. - - - D° -

1 - D® - - - - 150. - - - to 2oq. - - - D° -

3 - D® - - - I iO. - - - to 200. - - - D® -

2 - D® - — V -\ - - - 110. - - . to 180. - - - D® -

3 - D® - - - - 110. - - - to 150. - - - D® .

2 - D° - - - v at the Tower and 110. - - - to 140. - - - D®

1 - D° - - - ( Westminster. < 100. - - - to 180. - - D®

1 - D® - - - - 100. - - - to 120. - - - D®

1 - D® - - - - 90. - - - to 140. - - . D® -

3 - D® - - - - 90. - - - to 130. - - - D® -

1 - J)® - - - - 80. - - to 150. - - - D® _

2 - D® - - - - 80. - - - to 130. - - . D® -

1 1 t? 0 - - - - 80. - to 120. - - 1j° _

[3 Junior Clerks - - - 80. - - - to 90. - - - D® -

6 - D° - - 1 - - 70. - - - to 90. - - - D° -

'7 - D° - - -J I - - L 70- - - - to 80. - - - D® -

Clerk to the Chief Royal Engineer -Messenger to the Mailer General -14 Porters, Do^-keepers, and Messengers -The Daily Messenger from Woolwich to London, Clerk of the Works at the Tower -Overseer, under D°

Superintendant of Shipping -

Clerk, under D® ——

Purveyor for Sea -

Armourer at the Tower -

Furbifher - - D° -

Clerk to D° -

Storekeeper of Saltpetre ..... Clerk of the Cheque - Tower -Engine-keeper - D® - '

70.

73- 50.

119. 1

120. 70.

150.

60.

70.

50.

80.

60.'

80.

40.

Chief Clerk -

1 Clerk -

2 D°

2 D® -Refiner -Chief Foreman 5 Mailer Workmen

Clerk -Modeller -Affiilant D° -

Conllruttor of Artillery Carriages -Affiilant to D° -Second Affiilant to D°

2 Clerks

Modeller

Clerk -

Storekeeper -Clerk, of the JSl,rvey

Royal Laboratory at Woolwich.

\ Cheque Clerks — " 3

Barrack-Mailer to the New Barracks

Under the Inspector of Artillery at Woolwich.

Royal Military Repository.

Woolwich.

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to 200.

- to 60,

- to - - to

90.

80.

60.

130.

140.

80:

250.

70.

- to

- to

- to

100.

60.

80.

100.

5°,

70. — 54.15. -45. 12. 6.

200. -

III. 5. - -83. - - -60. - —

83... 54. 15.

400. - -115. -. 95. -. 60. - . 50. -.

109. 10.

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

80.

63. 17. 6. 54. 15.

400.

150.

100.

70.

100. -70.

5QO. -20Q.

150. -70.

60.

- to 182. 10.

Carried forward

D®

D°

D°

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

I>

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

<D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D°

D®

D®

- £

£ d.

750 ——

200 — .

200 — _____

100 ——

190 — _

50 ——

55 ——

30 ——

20 — —

400 — —

200 — — 100 — .

300 ——

50 ——

270 — — .

140 ——

120 — —

60 ——

80 ——

20 ——

So ——

120 ——

7° ——

100 — —

4° ——

130 ——

120 — — I/O ——

20 — — .

140 ——

10 10 —

20 ——

10 — — 100 — — 10 — — 130. -

10 ——

20 — —

10 — —

20 ——

20 ——

10 — —

80 — —

5° ——

20 ——

20 ——

18 s -

45 12 6

10 — —

926

9

2 6

200 — —

38 15 —

go ——

17 — —

*5 5 -

100 — —

85 ——

55 ——

30 ——

10 ——

73 ——

5,895 12 6

Number.

iiKfCjfr ^Dccrcift.

Brought forward

1

Increase of Salaries — continued\

Storekeeper Clerks of the

2 Clerics

Cheque -

from

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -

Storekeeper Clerk, of the{(Surve?r

3

2 Clerks

2 I» - ' .

Barrack-mailer

Cheque

Purfleet.

Gravesend and Tilbury.

Chatham.

1

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

Upnor Castle.

Storekeeper

Clerks of the

l Clerk -

1 D°

Storekeeper -

Survey

Cheque

:i

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

1 Clerk -

2 D4

Mailer Worker

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque 1 Clerk -1 I)a

Miller Worker Keeper of the Magazine at Bark ing Creek

Storekeeper Clerk, of the jsurvey

Sheerncfs.

Dover.

Fevc*(hara.

3 Clerks 3 Clerks

Cheque

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

Clerk -

Storekeeper

3 Clerks 1 l)a -

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

Storekeeper D* -

D* -

D* -

D*

D*

DJ

D*

altham Abbey.

;: P

5ortfmount. < 1

iddy's Hard.

Plymouth.

Kevham Point.

1

Pendennis Castle.

Che Her and Liverpool.

Carliflr.

Berwick.

JTinmouth Castle Sc 1 Clifford's Fort. 3

t

Hull.

Yarmouth.

Landguard Fort and Fiarwich.

Stirling Castle.

Fort William.

Cooper -Armourer Fort George.

Storekeeper -

Clerk of the Chcuuc -I -

Cicrk _ _ -I > Guernsey.

Armourer - - j

Cooper - -

Carpcntar 1 1 -

£ I JO. _ _ to £ 4OO. per Annum 5 for the Year - 250 — —

IOO. - - - to 150. - - - - 50

80. - - - to IOO. - - - 20 — —

60. - - - to 70. - - - " - 20 —

IOO. - - - to 250. - 150

95- - - - to 120. - - - 25

bo. - - - to 70. - - - - IO - — —

140. - - - to 35°- - - - 210 —

1 ;o. — - to 150. - - - 20

110. - - - to 130. - - - - 20 —

60. - - - to 70. - - - % - 20 — —

50. - - - to 60. - - - - 20 —

109. 10. - to 136. 17. 6. - ‘ - - 27 7 6

80. - to 130. - . - - 70

64. ,5- - to 100. - - - 35 5 —

IOO. - - - to 250. > - - - - 150,

90. - - - to 130. - - - - 40

80. - - - to IOO. - - - - 20 — —

60. - - - to 70. - - - 10 — —

5°- - - - to 60. - - - 10-1

120. - to 200. - - - - - 80

150. — - to 35°. . - - 200 -

90. - - - to 150. - - - - 60

70. - - - to 80. - - - - IO

60. - - - to 70. - - - - 20

I JO. - - - to 120. - - - - IO

150. — - to 300. - - - - _ *5° — —

90. — - to 150. - - - 60

70. — - to 80. - . - - - - 10 — —

60. - - - to 70. - - - 10

90. — - to IOO, - - - " - lo

36 10. - to 50. - - - 13 10 — *

400. — - to 500. m - - - - IOO — —

150. - - - to 200. - - - - 50

IOO. - - - to 150. - - - 50

70. - - to 80. - - - - 30

‘ 60. - - - to 70. - - 30

IOO. - - to 25O. . - - - 150

So. - - to 120. - - - 40

60. - - - to 70. - - - - 10

140. - - - to 500. - ' 360 — —

120. - - - to 200. - - - 80

IOO. - - - to 150. - - - 50

60. - - - to 70. - - - 30

50. - - - to 60. - - - 10 — —

ICO. to aco. IOO

70. - - - to 120. - - - 50

SO. - to 100. - - - So -

50. - to IOO. - - - 50

4°. - to 80. - - - - 40

5°. m to IOO. - - - 50 *

70. - to 100. - - - - 30 — —

60. - to IOO. - - - 40

70. - to 100. - - - 30

50. - to 100. - - - 5°

4°. - to 60. - - - 20 — —

40. - to 60. - - - - 20 — — »

54- !5- . to 63 17- 6. - - - 926

54- IS- to 63. 17. 6. - 926

IOO. - . - to 200. - - - m IOO —

70. - - - to IOO. - - A - - 30 - —

5°- - - - to 60. - - - - 10

54- *5- - to 63. 17. 6. - - - - 9 2 6

54- *5- - to 63. 17. 6. - - - - 926

54- *5* to 63. 17- 6- - - - 926

Carried forward - - r £ 9.412 7 6

5.895

s. d.

is 6

Appendix1,

(No. 96.)

15* Junii,

continued.

Vol. 57.

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* J

totiiwutd*

Number.

Increase

Dccrrease

Brought forward -Increase of SalariesContinued.

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Armourer Cooper -Carpenter

Storekeeper -

f Survey Clerks of the < Cheque { Works

I Clerk -i D°

7 Artificers 5 Alhltant D° -

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Surgeon

9 Storekeepers 9 Clerks of the Cheque 9 Clerks 27 Artificers -9 Surgeons

Storekeeper Clerk -

Storekeeper -

from r

Jersey.

Gibraltar.

Storekeeper Clerks of the«| Clerk

4 Artificers

Survey

Cheque

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque I Clerk -

1 D° -

2 Artificers

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -

3 Artificers

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

4 Artificers -

Jamaica.

West India Islands,

Bahama Islands. Bermuda.

Quebec.

Halifax.

New Brunswick.

II

John's, Newfoundland.

£. IOO. - - to £ 200. per Annum; for the Year

70. - - - to 1(0. -

50. - - - to 60. - -

54. IS- - to 63. 17. 6.

54* *S- - to 63. 17. 6.

54- IS- - to 63. 17. 6.

182. to - to 500.

109. 10. - to 200.

91. 5. - to 150.

91. 5. - to 120. m

54- IS- - to ICO.

45. 12. 6. . to 90.

54- 15- - to 71.

54- *5- - to 63. 17. 6.

182. 10. to 300. -

91. 5. - to 150. -

- - to 90. - -

109. 10. - to 150. - -

146. - - - to 300.

91. 5. - - to 150. - -

73- - - - to 90. - -

54- 15- - to 73- - -

109. 10. to 150. -

146. - - . to 200. - _

73- - - - to 90. - -

146. - - - to 200. - -

150. - - - to 250. - -

109. 10. - to 150. - m

109 10. to 130. - -

73- - - - to 90. - -

54- *S« - to 63. 17. 6.

146. - - to 0 0 - -

91- S '- - to 130. - -

73- - - - to 90. - -

60. - - - to 70. - -

54. 15. - to 73- - -

146. - - - to 180.

91. 5. - - to 130. - -

73- - " - to 90. - -

54. 13. - to 63. 17. 6.

146. - - - to 200'. -

91. s. - - to 130. -

54- I5- to 73- - -

Total Increase of Salaries - -

L

But in consequence of this Increase of Salaries, the following Allowances, calculated on an Average of Six Years, have ceased and determined; viz,

C ' d.

Allowances of Poundage upon Disbursements for the Public Service - - - 1 33 _

Travelling Charges for arming and disarming Ships of the Navy, and other Services, at the Out Ports ——

Allowances for taking Care of Barrack Bedding

Allowances for Horse Hire to Storekeepers and Surgeons in the West Indies -

Reducing the Increase to

Additional Offices, &c.

Clerk under the Surveyor Gcnoral - - - .

Clerk^*?61- New Powder Magazine, Tipner Point, Portsmouth.

Storekeeper - - - - Edinburgh Castle ——

11

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clei k -Artificers Surgeon

II

Minorca.

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Artificers Surgeon.

II

Malta.

Carried forward

1

735 ——

4 7* ——

80 ——

150 ——

70 ——

250 ——

550 ——

300 — —

150 ——

90 ——

219 ——

150 ——

300

150

90

219

150

£. /. d.

9,41* 7 *

100 — - —

30 -

10 — —

9 26 926 926

317 10 —

90 10 — 5815 — 2815 —

5 —

7 6

127 15 —

45 6

45

44

117 10 —

58 ij —

40 10 —

1,386 ——

528 ly —

>53 ——

492 15 —

364 >° —

54 ——

>7 ——

54 ——

100 — —

40 10 —

10 10 —

17 ——

36 10 —

>54 ——

38 iy —

>7 ——

10 — —

36 10 —

34 ——

38 iy —

17 ——

27 7 6

54 ——

38 jy —

____73 ——

>4-375 >* 6

4.879 2 5

92496 10 1

2,368 — —

9,496 10 I

42 Geo. III. Appendix. 1007

Number.

lacrcjf: L>ecreaCc.

18

1 I »

3

9

t

3

A

a

1

1

4°

Brought forward - Additional Offices — continued.

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk - - - y Trinidad.

Artificers Surge n -

Storekeeper -Cie/k of tnc Cheque Ch-rk - - - Demerara.

Ariihcers Sur^ron

S*or«-keeper C Icrk of the Cheque Clrrk - - - - Surinam.

Ar r.iers -j g.oa

Co. n jT.ry and Paymaller 1....

c.'.kiof - T Cape of Good Hope. 3 " *

Gun^iVtu: j ot Siores - J - -

N. B. The r.x'Mrvce of the Officers employed at the Six preceding Places is not an act ai increifc in the Year 1801, those Persons having been paid in 1800, a* atirn.:; g the Trains of Artillery there, and by Warrant in 1801, authorized to uc brought on the Eluiblishment - amounting to £. 5*404.

Gratuities agreeable to Regulations:

80

800 -

For Length of Service P^id in 1801

- i:-3»378 19 7

2»7Q$ — 4

On Accoan* rf the High Price ot Provisions

ieh-I

- - 1801

800

£-9&4 6 5 9*7 «3 S

673 19 3

56 13 —

Decrease of Opfices, fcc.

Draft Turn At the Tower and Foreign Garrisons, transferred to the

Military Establishment - - - -v - - £.2,942 4 6

A&llint to the Medical Superintrndant of Artillery Horses, transferred

to the Miliary Eftubblhment, from ift September 1801 - - - 36 12 — -

Overseer of the Works at Liverpool - - - - 73 — —

PayimJl'T of the Work*, and Commissary of Stores, at Fort George,

Norrh Britain; the Duties being performed by the Storekeeper at

Edinburgh ----- ----- - 127 15 —

Barrnck-M.iter at Gibraltar - - - - . 40 — —

at Halifax ----- ----913 — .

- - D® - - - at New Brunswick ----- £.91 3 —

DcJuft, paid as a Compensation to the late Possessor 70 — —

----- ----- 21 5-

— D' - - - at Newfoundland - 91 5 —

Pai l to Auhlant Clerks at J in - - 1800 - 1,610 —

tac l ower 6c Wchminster( in - - 1801 - 1,557 2 6

----- ----- 52 17 6

Allowances for House C 3 Clerks at the Tower - - 60 — —

R'nt, included in the \ 1 Clerk to the Chief Royal En-

Amount of Account-' gincer - - - - 12 — — -

I 80 j % a;.d which have j Storekeeper, Clcik of the Cheque,

hi.ee ccufed - - and 2 Clerks, Waltham Abbey - 75 — —

----- -- x47 -

Total Increase

Decrcaf

6,044 —

c * J-

9,49610 1

Appendix, , (No. 96.) 150 Jumiy ctntinued.

730 12 3

3.6*3 4 —

- £

3.JJ1

8

12,647 l8 4

N B. shat the so'Iowirg A'tenrions have v.kcn place from ift January 1801 in the Allowances, as stated at the Foot of Account 17 ,(j, *5 preicMcd to the Committee of Finance, and at the Foot of Account 1797* 1798, and 1799, a* presented to

llocle ot Commons; viz.

On the Fo-c LHt i?g. a..!? to me; (with the Exc*'j

the

»n E:la i hment?, where t^e Officers have not either Houses or Accommodations in Barracks, an Allowance in lieu of , and Lundies, is made to the Storekeepers, Clerks of the Survey, Clerks of the Cheque, Surgeons, and Clerks, agTee-.V.i ru lbr the Arm;*, at lurh Rates as may be settled by the Commanding Officer on the Spot. The Four first Officers tion of the Storekeeper at Gibraltar, who receives the same Allowance as a Field Officer) being entitled to the fame

A Iwwi. ce as tr.e captain?, and t..e latter as the Subalterns.

And Aih'wnce* in litu t f Kcuic Rent, Coils, and Candles, are made to sundry Clerks, Sec. at the Tower, Westminster, and at thq Ont Pert', at »n* Rate o: /\;i. per Annum each to 3 Clerks; £.50. per Annum to the Inspector of Artillery; £.26. per Annum each 23 C c k*; £ 2C* If1* Per Annum each to 14 Clerks, and £. 10. 8. per Annum to a Messenger for House Rent; and at the Rate of

/.-G ^r

Loab and La;*

.Vrnlm.ca..! to 21 Clerks; £. 12. 10. per Annum each to 81 Clerks; and £.6. 5. per Annum each to 2 Messengers, for

Pvr th'ic h'«

Tcrat'on in respect of the Fees received in this Department, as stated at tlye Foot of the Account pr$«

fented to t..c li ono-; able Home of Commons, pursuant to Order, 3d February 1801.

Ov.ce of Ordnarce, id April 1802.

Howe

A. Ro/f.

VwL.

12 A

Appendix,

(No. 94.)

11* Junii.

An ACCOUNT of ths Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Imported into Ireland,

in the Year ended 25th March 1801.

Year ended 25th March 1801

V»lue of IMPORTS.

4445 >c 8 S

London, June 11, 1802

R. Marshall,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Ireland.

Am ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Value of all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Mann failure of Ireland, Exported to Foreign Countries; distinguishing the Value of the Exports to Foreign" Countries in Europe from the Value to ali other Foreign Countries; in the Year ended 25th March i8or.

Year ended 25th March 1801 -

VALUE of EXPORTS TOTAL.

( To Foreign Europe. 1 To other Countries.

£ 182,242 £ I 443445 1 £ . 625.387

London, |

JuRexi, 1802. J Marshatly

Inspector General of the Exports and imports of Ireland.

r

Appendix, (Xo. 96.) 150 Junii.

of the Year

Appendix (No. 95.)

ACCOUNT

OF THE

PUBLIC INCOME OF GREAT BRITAIN;

FOR T H £ YEAR ENDED FIFTH JANUARY l 802!

&c. tsY.

VOL. 57.

11 Y

997

994

>2:

Appendix,

(No. 94*) ii* Junii.

An Act

An

:fpc£tivelydistinguishing also the Balances or Bills in the Hands er Appropriated or Unappropriated j

f Appendix, < (No. 95.)

BALANCES: TOTAL DISCHARGE of the NET PRODUCE.

ILANCE \c Hands of >oilectors on the anuary 1S02. BALANCE in the Hands of ReceiversGenera! on the 5th January 18 oz.,) BILLS arising out of the] Revenue 1801, remitted to the 1 Receiver General j in London, but which not becoming due until after the 5thjanuary i8o», are therefore carried to Account of the latter Year,

£ d. 673 15 9l 768 14 4i £ «. d. 28,830 6 5! £ > d. *6.337 4 3* 9,866 15 icj c *. /. 7,234,461 11 8J-521,645 12

44* «o 1} 28,830 6 5J 96,204 0 2$ 7>756»,07 3 9$

- - 9,118 1 u£ 60,856 19 i| 9,000 0 0 10,569,976 16 925,463 12 3J

- - 69,975 1 1 9,000 0 0 11,495,440 8 4j

538 10 6\ 20,165 8 6 3,126 9 2 2,861,911 8 7t J74>945 8 6

53S 10 6* 20,165 8 6 3,126 9 3,036,856 17 i{

- - 357,23516 7 60,557 1 6 - - - 4499*959 >7 l\ 215*433 7 3

- - 417,792 l8 1 - - - 4.715-393 4 »£

*5* *5 *{ 143 >3 °i 3,769 17 O 8,390 14 3 14,494 16 3 861,205 ij 4§ 121,645 4 ioJ

495 9 3,769 17 O 22,885 10 6 982,850 16 3

- - 2*397 15 4$ n,9s3 1 5 2 - 33,832 14 4! 11,983 1 5

- - 14,380 16 10$ - - - 45,815 15 io£

- " 0 6 6\ - - - 40,692 O 2f 2,605 6 4ib

- - 0 6 6i - - - 43,297 6 6£

- - 325 0 ioi - - - 23,704 15 2j

- - 389 15 II - - - 5,926 8 9*

476 9 5 555,629 II 4! 131,215 19 10} 28,105,392 16 9i

5,709 0 8 10,828 19 4

- - 2,535 10 6| - - - *.535 >° H

- - - - J - 1 S 2l „

b__.

Appendix

999

42, Gfio. Ill*

RETURN TO AN ORDER OF THE HONOURABLE HOUSE OF COMMONS)

DATED THE 26TH DAY OF FEBRUARY 1802,

FOR

u As ACCOUNT, Shewing what INCREASE or DIMINUTION has taken place in the Number and Amount of the M Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the PUBLIC OFFICES in Great Britain, for the Year " 180 i.w

Appendix, (No. 96.) 15° Jtwii.

Treasury

Secretary of State, Home Department D° - - - - Foreign D°

D° - - - - War - D° -

Alien Office ——

War Office - - - .

Ordnance Office ——

Admiralty - -

Navy ——

Victualling ——

Sick and Hurt ——

Transport Office ——

Tax Office ——

Stamp Office ——

Poll Office ——

Customs - -

Excise ——

Exchequer llill Office -

Commissioners for Auditing Public Accounts -Muller Mailer General's Office -lottery Office ——

Stationary Office ——

Customs, Scotland -Excise - - D°

Comptrollers Army Accounts - -

Auditors Land Revenue -

Barrack Office ——

Signet Office ——

Office for the Reduction of the National Debt -

Kackney Coach Office Mint - -

Surveyor Crown Lands ——

Taymaller General - - - - ♦

Auditor Receipt of the Exchequer -

Surveyor General of Woods -

Solicitor of the Treasury -

Receiver of the 1 s. and 6d. Duties on Pensions, &c.

Remembrancer of First Fruits

Receiver of - - - D° - -

Receiver of Tenths - -

Privy Seal Office -

Hawkers and Pedlars — -

INCREASE.

C * *

2,49 5 6|

2.358 3 3,908 16 4

687 4 6

615 ——

4,982 18 10 12,647 18 4

2,513 8 2

419 19 —

333 96

3,692 19 9!

22,050 5 — 82,147 5 3

65 16 4

2,333 H l\

340 4 — J.073 11 if 11,902 19 4!

50 ——

13 7 —

DIMINUTION.

52 10 ---

75 ——

c

y Nn.

>54.756 5 91

7,176 10 6

'47*579 '5 31

749 >3 8

518 13 9

APPENDIX.

1,205 6

4.158 7

27 9

93 —

424 —

Nil.

£.7.176 u 6

See Page I COO

1001

ib.

1002

ib.

1003

1004 1008

ib.

ib.

ib.

1009

ib. 1010 ion

1012

1013 ib.

1014

ib.

ib.

1015 ib.

1016 ib.

1017 ib.

1018

1019

1012

1014

1016 ib. ib.

1017 ib.

1018 ib. ib. ib. ib.

1019

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,? 15th June 1S02. i

IV. Vanjittavt.

VOL. 57.

11 z

A. 1802,

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

1$*Junii,

continued*

APPENDIX.

TREASURY.

RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 26th Day of February 1802, for €i An Account, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of alt the Public Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1801as far as the same relates to the TREASURY.

INCREASE.

By an additional Allowance to the Chief Clerk of the Revenue Department, in Consideration of diligent and faithful Services, as by Minute of the 9th £. /. March 1801, annexed - 300 — —

By the Waivor of a Portion of his Salary, on the Part of Mr. Rose, one of the late Secretaries, ceasing, on his retiring from Office - - - 750 — —

By an Addition to the Salaries of the Five Chief Clerks, by Minute of the 12th May 1801, annexed; viz.

To Three of them who had been more than £.

20 Years in the Office, each £. 320. - 960

To Two of them who had been more than 15 Years in the Office, each £. 120. - 240

1,200 — —

By an Addition of One Shilling per Day, to the Allowances of the Extra Clerks, each £. 18. 5/.

By an Addition of One Supernumerary Clerk

Coals, Candles, and other Necessaries

Stationary ——

1 VO Q\ IO —

- 90 —

- 10 IO 1 I

- «23 l7 2i

43 7 Si

MS 4 s 6f 1

63 ~ — 1

‘.2,491 5 1

DIMINUTION,

By the falling-in of the Allowance enjoyed by the Bag-bearer and Ranger of Books, in lieu of Apartments, upon his Death -

Treasury Chambers, Whitehall, 1 15th June 1802. J

N. yanjittart.

COPY of TREASURY MINUTE, of the 9tA March i8or.

PRESENT:

Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Smyth,

Mr. Py BUS.

In Consideration of the faithful and diligent Services of Mr. Joseph Alcock, Chief Clerk of the Revenue Department of this Office, and particularly of his Care and Attention in conducting the Business of issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, apd in keeping and preparing the Public Accounts, by which very

beneficial Effects have arisen to the Public, and which has much increased the Labours of his Official Duty; Mr Loans are pleased to grant him an Extra Allowance of per Annum,

to commence from the ffrfl of January iSoo, payable out of the Customs*

COPY of TREASURY MINUTE of the nth May i8ot.

PRESENT:

The Chancellor of the Excheqvbr,

Mr. Smyth,

Lord George Thykne,

Mr. Bono.

My Lords, in Consideration of the long, useful, and active Services of the present Chief Clerks of the Treasury, of the increased Labour of their Offices, and of the exemplary Manner in which they have been executed, direct, that the Salary of each Chief Clerk should be made up to £. 1,400 per Annum, provided

such Chief Clerks should have served in tf>e Office Twenty Years; and to JT» 1,200 per Annum, provided such Chief Clerks should have served Fifteen Years in the Office; — and in other Cafes to remain as before.

SECRETARY OF STATE. — Home Department.

Whitehall, 9th March 1802.

ACCOUNT, Shewing what Inc a e ase or Dimin ution hat taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, in the Office of His Majesty's Principal SECRETARY OF STATE for the Home Department, for the Year i8oz.

l8oi.

INCREASE

Establishment of Office:

By an Order of His Majesty in Council of the 18th February 1801, £.250 per Annum was added to the present Salary of the Chief Clerks of the respective Offices of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, provided such Clerks shall have held that Situation for the Period of Five Years and £. upwards ----- -- 220

Contingent Fund ----- - 1,734

17 11

N. B. — By Expences incurred from the long Residence here of an

AmbiJiLdor from the Dey of Algiers.

By an Allowance to the Office Keeper of the Signet Office, in lieu of Apartments which he had till the Removal of it to Somerset Place in 1793, at £-52. 10/. per Annum.

Messengers Bills -

8

- S23

N. B. — By the Maintenance of a Number of Persons confined for Treasonable Practices; and on the Removal of others from the North of Scotland to Dublin.

DIMINUTION.

— None, ——

By the Death of Mr. G. Carrington, a Superannuated £. s. d. Clerk - - - - 119 19 7

None.

Willm Pollock,

First Clerk.

SECRETARY OF ST A T E. — Foreign Department.

Aic ACCOUNT of what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the SECRETARY OF STATE'S Office for Foreign Affairs, in the Year 1801.

C

INCREASE.

— .....- '"I

DIMINUTION.

Establishment of Office:

By Order of Council of the nth February 1801, a Conditional Allowance of £.600 per Annum was granted to Edward Fiftier, Esq. on quitting the Office of Under Secretary of State, to continue so long as he should not enjoy any Situation of equal £. /. d. Value - -519 — 9

By Order of Council of the 18th February 1801, the Salary of the Chief Clerk, who had held that Situation for Five Years or upwards, wasincreased from £. 1,000 to £, 1,250 per Annum - - 220 8 —

By another Order of Council, dated 16th June 1801, an additional Allowance of ^.250 per Annum was granted to the First Senior Clerk, as Assistant to the Under Secretaries - - - - 218 4 —

Contingent Account - - - £, 3,026 3 7

In consequence of the Death of Mr. Hinchliffe, his

Allowance of £.100 per Annum, ceased on the £. A 5 th April 1801 - - - -75"""

Vol. 57.

MESSENGERS BILLS:

The Messengers Bills not being delivered in, bo Account can at present b. made out.

Appendix, (No. 96.) 15* Juniiy

continued.

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

1,5* 7

continued\

SECRETARY OF ST ATE. — War Department

RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, " That there be laid before the House an Account, shewing " what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all «« the Public Offices for the Year 1801," so far as the same applies to Lord Hobart's Department*

SALARIES and EMOLUMENTS of OFFICERS.

INCREASE.

In the Sum of £. ^37 5 3!

£. /. d.

By the Addition of £. 250 per Annum to the Salary of the present Chief Clerk, in Conformity to His Majesty's Order in Council of 18th February

1801, he having held that Situation upwards of

5 Years ——

By a Pension of jT. 300 per Annum, in Conformity to His Majesty's Order in Council of 17th March 1801, to Mr. Colquhoun, retiring on Account of ill Health, commencing 20th of February i8or ^261

By the Appointment of Two additional Clerks, in Conformity to His Majesty's Order in Council of 12th December 1801:

The one at a Salary of JT. 140 per Annum, from 23d September 1801 -

The other at a Salary of £. 130 per Annum, from 27th November 1801 -

220 8 —

3 3

41 2 8

- 14 n 4i

£537 5 3f

DIMINUTION.

By the Sum of - - - £. 33 17 6£

Arifing from the Absence of the 5th Clerk on Public Service, from the 10th of October last.

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

INCREASE.

DIMINUTION,

In the Sum of £.683, 16. 9*.

Arising principally from Payment of the Travelling Expences of Officers employed on particular Services, by Order of the Secretary of State, or charged with Dispatches from the Armies cn distant Foreign Service; and by One Quarter's Payment of a Salary of £. 1,000 per Annum to a Chief Clerk appointed for the War Department.

None. — *

INCREASE.

None,

8th March 1802.

MESSENGERS BILLS:

DIMINUTION.

Probably - " m ~ m m £ >°°

All the Bills not being delivered, on Account of feme Me fan gen being Hill Abroad, no accurate Account can be made out.

ALIEN DEPARTMENT.

Ah ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the ALIEN DEPARTMENT, for the V ear iSdi.

INCREASE.

Salaries -

Contingent Expences

- None.

- £(>

N. B. The Increase in the Contingencies of this Year arises from the Expence incurred in employing additional Agents on the Load, to prevent an improper Communication with France and Holland; and in Messengers Bills, for maintaining Aliens in Custody, and conveying them out of the Kingdom*

Alien Office, ip 8th Marcii 1802.3

DIMINUTION.

None.

J. King George Silt.

C. IV-Vint.

4i Geo. III.

Appendix

1063

WAR-OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of His Majesty's SECRETARY AT W AR, for the Year 1801.

Appendix, (No. 96.) . 150 Junii,

continued.

In the Year 1801, there has been an Increase of Four in the Number, and of £. 1,960. in the Annual Amount of the Salaries of the Officers of His Majesty's Secretary at War (including retired Officers) in the Manner following:

Per Annum.

The Chief Examiner of Army Accompts, on account of his extreme ill Health from a Paralytic Stroke (after a Service of more than 35 Years) was permitted to retire on an Allowance for his Life of £. 1,100 per Annum, to commence from Christmas 1801 [up to which Time his full Salary of £. 1,500 was continued to him] - - - £. 1,100

The Salaries of several Clerks have been augmented, in consequence of Increase of Business and Responsibility, or, from the PrefTure of the Times; viz.

One Principal Clerk, who ceased to act, and receive Salary as Private Secretary to the Secretary at War, from £.1,000 to £.1,100 ——

One, who has been nearly 25 Years in the Office, from £.900 to £*950 - -

Four Clerks from - - £. 120 to £.130 -

Six - - D° from - - no to 120

Seven - D° from - - 100 to no

Seven - D° from - - 90 to 100 -

Five - D®, on their severally completing One Year's actual Attendance, from £.90 to £. 100 ——

Private Secretary to the Secretary at War, not holding, as his Predecessor had done, another Appointment in the Office of equal Amount; from £. 100 to £.300, according to His Majesty's Order in 1797 ——

One Clerk for MiLellaneous Accompts, not on the Establishment of the Office, from £.200 to £.300....

Three additional Clerks have been appointed, in consequence of the great Increase of Business, each at £.90 per Annum ——

100

5°

4°

60

70

70

200

100

270

£.2,110

Deduct, Difference or Decrease between the Salary vacated by the Officer appointed Chief Examiner of Army Accompts, and that of* his Successor ----- ---- - 150

£.1,960

The atove Account (hews (he actual Increase of the Number of Persons, and of the Annual Amount of their Salaries; but as the Arrangements on this Head took place at different Periods, the Total Amount of the additional Charge on Account thereof within the the Year 1801, was only £. 1,909. 4/. lid.

The further additional Charges within the Year are as follow; viz.

A Special Grant of £. i,coo to the late Chief Examiner of Army Accounts, in Consideration of his Extraordinary Services in 1796 and 1797; nearly the Amount of the Difference between his actual Receipts by Salary and Fees during those Years, and the

Rate of Salary (£, 1,500.) fixed for him on the General Arrangement which took place in the War-Office from the Beginning of 1798.

A like Grant of £.500 to one of the Principal Assistants in the Department of Accompts, in Acknowledgment of his Extraordinary Labour and Ability in planning and carrying into Execution various Measures for improving, and rendering more effectual, the new System of Regimental Accompts.

An Increase of £. 596. 10 j. 6d. in the Amount of the Sums paid for Extra Business.

An Increase of £. 977. 3 /. 5 d. in the Expences of the Office, under the Heads of the Stationer's Bill, the Messenger's Bill, and the Land Tax.

There are no Emoluments in the Office, except the Salaries, and occasional Allowances for Extra Business; and the Fee Fund has been thus far adequate to the whole Expenditure of the Department*

War-Office, 7 £ Yorkt.

15th March 1802. j

VOL. 57.

12 A

„Ap{)endix, (So. 96.) 15' Jimii,

continued.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salarioi, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of O R D N A N C E, in the Year 1801.

Decrcaft.

Increase of Salaried.

Mailer General -Lieutenant General Surveyor General - *

Secretary to the Mailer General Secretary to the Board -

Under Secretary to the Mailer General

- from 1,500.

- - 1,100.

800. 300. 760. 900. 200.

and from

I Clerk - - D® - - 95- - - to

1 D° - - - D® - - 70. - - - to

I First Clerk to the Lieutenant General . 180. - - - to

2 - D® - - - - ~ 400. - - - to

2 - D® - - - . - - 200. - - - to

I Senior Clerk - - - 200. - - - to

I - D® - - - - 200. - - - to

3 - D° - - - - 150. - - - to

1 - D® - - - - 150. - - - to

3 - D° - - I\ - - - 1 /o. - - - to

2 - D® - - - - 110. - - - to

3 - D° - - - - 110. - - - to

2 - D® - - . at the Tower and 110. - - . to

1 - D® - - f Westminster. s IOO. - - - to

1 - D® - - - IOO. - - - to

1 - D° - - - - 90. - - - to

3 - D® - - - - 90. - - - to

i - I)® - - - 80. - - . to

2 - I)° - - - - 80. - - - to

1 - D® - . - - . - 80. . - . to

13 Junior Clerks - - - 80. - - - to

6 - D° - - - - 70. - - - to

>7 - D» - - - - L 7°- - - - to

c

to 3,000. to 1,500. to 1,200. to 500. to 900. to 1,000. to 300. 150. 100.

p. Annum, from 1 July . P- ~

P-P-P-P-P'

P«

D°

D°

D°

D®,

D°

D°

- - D® -

- - D° - -

- - D® - .

for the Year 1 from 1 July J "

- - D° -

D°; for the Year.

- D° -

120.

150.

90.

90.

80.

Clerk to the Chief Royal Engineer - . 70. - -

Messenger to the Mailer General - - - 73.

14 Porters, DoGl-keepers, and Messengers - - 50. - -

The Daily Messenger from Woolwich to London, 119. to Clerk of the Works at the Tower - - - 120. - -

Overseer, under D° 70. —

Superintendant of Shipping - - - - 150. - -

Clerk, under D° - - - - 60. - -

Purveyor for Sea ----- - 70. —

Armourer *at the Tower ----- 50. —

Furbilher - - D° - - - - 80. - -

Clerk to D° - - - - 50. —

Storekeeper of Saltpetre - 60. - -

Clerk of the Cheque - Tower - 80. - -

Engine-keeper - D® - - - - 40. —

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

90. 80. 60. 130. 140. 80; 250. 7°. - to 200. 60. IOO. 6 D.

80. 100.

50,

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

- to

Chief Clerk -Clerk -2D0 -

a D°

Refiner -Chief Foreman 5 Mailer Workmen -

Clerk -Modeller -Afiillant D°

Conllru&or of Artillery

Royal Laboratory at Woolwich.

Under the Inspector of Artillery at

Aftilbint to D® - - - Woolwich.

Second Alfillant to D® - -

2 Clerks - -

Modeller . -1 Royal Military

1 Clerk - -i Repository.

1 Storekeeper -

1 Clerks of the Survey Cheque -

4 Clerks - - \ - - 3 T 1 Woolwich.

Barrack-Mailer to the New

I Barracks -,) - *

70. ----- to 80.

54. 15. - to 63. 17. 6.

45. 12. 6. to 54. 15.

200. - - - to 400.

I I I. 5. - - to 150.

83. - - - to 100.

60. - - - to 70.

109. 10. - to 182. 10.

Carried forward

D° --

D® -D® -D° -D° -D° -D° -D* -D® -D° -D° -D° . D® -D® -D° -D® -L° -D® -D® -D® -

D° -D® -D® -D° -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D° -D° -

D® -D® -D° -D® -

D® -

D® -

D° -D® -D® -

D® -

D® -D° -D° -

D® -D® -

D° -D® -

D® -D® -D° -

D°

£ i.

750 ——

200 — . —

200 — ____

100 ——

I90 — —

5° ——

55 ——

30 ——

20 — —

300 ——

400 — —

200 — — 100 — — 300 — —

50 ——

270 — —

140 ——

120 — —

60 ——

So ——

20 — —

50 ——

120 ——

70 ——

loo — —

40 ——

130 — — 120 — — 170 ——

20 — —

140 ——

10 10 —

20 ——

10 — — IOO — — 10 — — 130, — —

10 — 20 — —

10 — —

20 ——

20 ——

10 — —

80 ——

50 ——

20 ——

20 ——

18 5-45 >2 6

10--

926 9

2 6

200 — —

to -

17 —

*5 5 -

100 — —

55 ——

30 ——

10 — —

73 ——

5,895 12 6

Storekeeper

Clerks of th J Surve7 2 Clerks

from

_ Cheque

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -

Storekeeper -Clerks of the Survey

2 Clerks 2D0 - -

Barrack-mailer

Cheque -1

Purfleet.

Gravesend and Tilbury.

Chatham.

- ►

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque

Storekeeper -

i Clerk -

1 D°

Storekeeper -

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque 1 Clerk -2D0

Mailer Worker - '

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque 1 Clerk -1 D°

Mailer Worker Keeper of the Magazine at Barking Creek -

Storekeeper -

CW. of

3 Clerks 3 Clerks

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque

Clerk -

Storekeeper -Clerks of the Cheque Clerks

' Upnor Callle. |

Sheerness.

Dover.

Feverlham.

Waltham Abbey.

Portsmount.

3 Clerks 1 D°

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque

Storekeeper -D° -

Priddy's Hard,

Plymouth.

1

5

D

D°

D°

Do -Do -

Dy -

Do - -

D° -

Cooper -

Armourer

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Armourer Cooper -Carpenter

" J Keyham Point.

- Pendennis Callle. Cheller and Liverpool.

- Carlisle.

Berwick.

f Tinmouth Callle Sc 1 Clifford's Fort. J

X

Hull.

Yarmouth.

Landguard Fort and Harwich.

Stirling Callle.

Fort William.

Brought forward . £ d. 5.895 12 6

a R1E s — continued, £ £ 150. - - - to 400. per Annum; for the Year 250 — —

100. - - - to 150. - - - 50

80. - - - to 100.. - - - 20 — - —

60. - - - to 70. - - - - 20 — —

100. - - - to 250. _ 150

95. - - . to 120. - - - 25

60. - - - to 70. - - - - 10 — —

14P. - - - to 35°- - - - 210 — —

130. to ISO- - - - - 20 — — .

no. to 130. - - - - 20 — —

60. to 70. - - - % - 20 — — *

50. - - - to 60. - - - - 20 — —

109. 10. - to 136. 17. 6. - - - - 27 7 6

0 1 1 1 6 09 150. - - 70

64. 15. - to IOO. - - - - 35 5 —

100. to 250. - - - m - 150,

90. to 130. - - - ~ - 40

80. - - - to 100. - - - - 20 — —

60. to 70. -1 - - - - 10

50. to 60. - " - 10

120. to 200. - - - - ‘ 80

150. to 35°- - - - 200 — — >

90. - - - to 150. - - - - 60 — —

70. - - - to 80. - - - 10

60. to 7°. - - - 20

no. to 120. - - - " 10 — —

150. to 300. - - - *5° —; —

90. to 150. - - - - 60

70. - - - to 80. - - - 10 — —

60. - - - to 70. - - - - 10

VO 0 1 1 1 1 0 100, - - - - lo

36. 10. - to 50. - - - 13 10 —

0 1 1 1 6 0 500. m - - - - 100 — —

150. to 200. m - - - 5°

100. - - - to 150. - - - - 50

70..- - - to 80. - - - - 30 — —

‘ 60. - - - to 70. - - - m 30

100. - - - to 250. . - - - 150

0 w 1 1 6 00 120. - - - - 40

60. to 70. - m - 10 — —

140. - - - to 500. - - - 360 — —

120. - - - tO 200. - - - - 80

IOO. - - - to 150. - - - - 50

60. — - to 70. - - - - " 30

50. - - - to 60. - - - - 10 — —

IOO. - - - to 2CO. * - - - IOO

0 u 1 1 1 6 120. - - - 50

50. - - - to IOO. - - - - 50 — -

50. to 100. - - - m 50

1 I 1 0 80. - - - - 40

0 1 1 d IOO. - - - - 50

70. - - - to 100. - m - - 3P — —

Os 0 1 1 1 r* O 100. - - - 40

70. to 100. - - - - 30

3 f 1 6 Lr* IOO. - - - - 50

( 1 l O 60. - - - 20 — —

a* p 1 1 1 r* O 60. - - - 20 —

54. 15. - to 63. 17. 6. - - - - 926

s4. 15. - to 63- 17* 0. 926

Guernsey.

100. - -70. - -. 50. - -54- >5-54- *5-54' lS

to 200. to 100. to to to to

60.

63. 17-6- -

63. 17. 6.

63. 17. 6.

Carried forward -

loo---

3° ---

,o----

9 2 6

926 926

7 6

Vo 1. $7-

.Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* Junii

continued*

V

j;

Appendix, (No. 96.)

15*

coni i nutd*

Number. Increase lDecrease

1

1

3

l

x

3

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Armourer Cooper -Carpenter

Storekeeper -

f Survey Clerks of the Cheque £ Works

I Clerk -I D°

7 Artificers 5 AlMant D° -

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Surgeon

9 Storekeepers 9 Clerks of the Cheque 9 Clerks 27 Artificers -9 Surgeons

Storekeeper - -

Clerk -

Storekeeper -

Storekeeper

Clerk -4 Artificers

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque I Clerk -

1 D°

2 Artificers

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -

3 Artificers

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque

4 Artificers

Jersey.

Gibraltar.

Jamaica.

West India Islands,

Bahama Islands.

Bermuda.

Quebec.

Halifax.

New Brunswick.

1

-18t

John's, Newfoundland.

Brought forward . m I

a r 1 continued. £, £ loo. - - - to 200. per Annum; for the Year - \

70. to ICO. - -

50. - - - to 60. - -

54. 15. - to 63. I 7. 6. - -

54. 15. - to 63. I 7. 6. -

54. 15. - to 63. 17# 6. - -

182. to - to 500. . - .

109. 10. - to 200. - -

91. 5. - to ISO. - -

91. 5. - to 120. - -

54. 15. - to IOO. -

45. 12. 6. to 90. - -

54. 15. - to 73- -

54. 15. - to 63. 17. 6.

182. 10. - to 300. - . - -

0 *-» 1 vn O' 150. m -

1 t 1 O 90. -

109. 10. - to 150. - -

146. - - - to 300. - -

91. 5. - - to ISO- - -

73. - - - to 90. -

54- *5* - to 73- " - -

109. 10. - to 150. -

146. to 200. -

73. . - - to 90. - *

0 ++ 1 1 1 VO V. m 200. -

150. - - - to z$o. - -

109. 10. - to 150. - - -.

109 10. - to 130. - - m.

73. - - - to 90. - -

54. 15. - to 63. 17. 6. "

146. — - to 300. - -

0 1 I vA Ov 130. -

73. - - - to 90. - - "

60. to 70. - - -

54. 15. - to 73- " - .

146. - - - to 180.

91. J. - - to 130. - -

73. - - - to 90. - - "

54. 15. - to 63. 17. 6.

146. - to 200'.

91. 5. - - to 130. - - . _

54. I 5.- to 73- - - *

Total Increase of Salaries -

But in consequence of this Increase of Salaries, the following Allowances, calculated on Average of Six Years, have ceased and determined; viz.

f.

Allowances of Poundage upon Disbursements for the Public Service - >i^33 —

Travelling Charges for arming and disarming Ships of the Navy, and other Services, at

the Out Ports....

Allowances for taking Care of Barrack Bedding ....

Allowances for Horse Hire to Storekeepers and Surgeons in the West kidies -

Reducing the Increase to -

Additional Offices, &c. Clerk under the Surveyor General -

ClerkCCC^>er- - - " } New ^ow<^r Magazine, Tipner Point, Portsmouth7

Storekeeper

Edinburgh Castle

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Artificers Surgeon

Minorca.

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk -Artificers Surgeon - -

Malta.

an

</.

10

550 -

300 — . 150 — . 90 — 2!9 - . 150 — .

3OO — . ISO — -90 — -

219 — -

150 — -

IOO___

30

10

9 2 6 9 6 9 6

3>7 10

90 10

2g '5 "

« s-

« 7 6 u7 1;

4J U 6

,l7 10 5* 1 j — *7 — — 40 lo —

1.386 — _

5*8 ij __

*53 ——

49* ic

3&4 10

*7 -

54 ——

ico _

4° 10 — *0 10 —

36 10 —

'54 ——

38 15 —

17 - -

10 -

36 10 —

34 ——

38 15 —

27 7 6

54 -

38 15 —

73 ——

M'375 i* 6

Carried forward

£ 2,368 ——

4.879 5

9,496 10 <

9,496 to 1

42, Geo. III. Appendix. 1007

Number.

1

1

t

3

1

1

1

1

3

1

1

1

t

3

1

1

2, 1

z

4>

Dccrrease.

40

1

1

4$

Brought forward - Additional Offices — continued.

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk - - - - y Trinidad,

Artificers Surgeon

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Cheque Clerk - - - - y Demerara.

Artificers Surgeon.

Storekeeper Clerk of the Cheque Clerk - - - - V Surinam,

Ar incers SUigcon

Comrr.iflhry and Paymaster 1....

££* °[Sl0r!s; i Cape of Good Hope. " ‘ _* ‘ *

Conduced s of Stores - J -

N. B. The Exnence of the Officers employed at the Six preceding Places is not an a&uai Increase in the Year i3oi, those Persons having been paid in 1800, as attemli, g the Trains of Artillery there, and by Warrant in 1801, authorized to be brought on the Establishment - amounting to 5,494.

Gratuities agreeable to Regulations:

For Length of Service Paidin,f01 ----- £-3-378 19 7

6 ( - - - ISOO 2,705 4

673 19 3

On Account of the High f - - - 1801 ... ^.984 6 5

Price of Provisions -\ - - - 1800 ... 937 13 5

----- ----- ----- 56 i3 _

Decrease of Offices, Arc,

Draftsmen at the Tower and Foreign Garrisons, transferred to the

Military Establishment - - - £.2,942

Assistant to the Medical Superintendant of Artillery Horses, transferred

to the Military Establishment, from ift September 1801 - - - 36

Overseer of the Works at Liverpool ----- 73

PaymafW of the Works, and Commissary of Stores, at Fort George,

North Britain; the Duties being performed by the Storekeeper at Edinburgh - ----- -- - -127

Barrack-Malter at Gibraltar - - 40

— - D° - — at Halifax ----- ----91

— D° ----- at New Brunswick - - - £.91 5 —

Deduct, paid as a Compensation to the late Possessor 70 — —

21

— D° - - - at Newfoundland . ----- --91

Paid to Assistunt Clerks at J in - - 1800 - - - l,6io

the Tower & Westminsterf in - - 1801 - 1,557 2 6

----- ----- -- 52

Allowances for House r 3 Clerks at the Tower - - 60 — —

Rent, included in the \ 1 Clerk to the Chief Royal En-

Amaunt of Account-' gineer - - - 12 — — *

1800, and which have i Storekeeper, Clerk of the Cheque,

since ceufed - - - V- and z Clerks, Waltham Abbey - 75 — —

4 6

12 —

*S -S -

17 6

147 ——

Decrease,

Total Increase

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

150 J

antinutd.

6,044 ——

730 1, 3

3,623 4 —

3.»5« 8 3

12,647 18 4

N. B. That the following Alterations have taken place from ift January 1801 in the Allowances, as dated at the Foot of Account

171,6, as preferred to the Committee of Finance, and at the foot of Account 1797* 179$# and 1799, as presented to

the House of Commons; viz.

On the Foreign Establishments, where the Officers have not either Houses or Accommodations in Barracks, an Allowance in lieu of Lodging, Coals, and Candles, is made to the Storekeepers, Clerks of the Survey, Clerks of the Cheque, Surgeons, and Clerks, agreeable to the Regulati ms for the Army, at turh Rates as may be settled by the Commanding Officer on the Spot. The Four first Officers (with the Exception of the Storekeeper at Gibraltar, who receives the same Allowance as a Field Officer) being entitled to the same Allowance as the Captains, and the latter as the Subalterns.

And Allowances in lieu of House Rent, Coals, and Candles, are made to sundry Clerks, &r. at the Tower, Westminster, and at the Out Ports, at the Rate of £.52. per Annum each to 5 Clerks; £. 50. per Annum to the Inspector of Artillery; £.26. per Annum each to 23 Cic ks; £. 20. 16. per Annum each to 14 Clerks, and £. 10. 8. per Annum to a Messenger for House Rent; and at the Rate of

£2$. per Annum.each to 21 Clerics; ^.12. to per Annum each to 81 Clerks; and £.6. 5. per Annum each to 2 Mefl'cngers, for

Coals and Candles.

Put there has not been any Alteration in respect of the Fees received in this Department, as dated at ttye Foot of the Account pre* ‘fented to the Honourable House of Commons, pursuant to Order, 3d February 1801.

Office of Ordnance, 7

ill April i8oj. j Hqzvc. A. Roft.

Vo L. 57. 12 B

ioo8

Appendix

A. 1802.

Appendix, (No. 96.) i$* Jm cmttinmd*

ADMIRALTY OFFICE.

Admiralty Office, 7 An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of March 1802. the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the ADM1RA L.T Y OFFICE, in the Year 1S0:.

Salaries. Emoluments. incrcife. . £ ' 4- Diminution.

357 10 10 —

Incidental Expences in the Printing Office - -- 15 12 4 —

Expences incurred for Messengers, Travelling Charges, Stamps, Postage of Letters and Messages - 16* 5 — —

Expences in the Hydrographic Office, for Drawings, Engraving, Scc. - 393 —

Coals and Candles - -- - 6+ 17 9 —

Tradesmen's Bills for Repairs of the Admiralty Houses, &c. - 1,520 2 3

NAVY OFFICE.

Navy Office, C An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Di minution has taken place in the Number and Amount of sad March 1802. ( the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of this OiEcef in the Year 1S01.

I N C R E A S E. DIMINUTION.

Year. ( Number of Salaries. On the Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. 'I Expences. f On the Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

x8oi K £ ' i. 519 12 2 £ * d. S* 7 £ ' £ d. £. £ ' d. >*3*» >3 9

The Increase in the Salaries is in consequence of an Addition of £. 500 per Annum to the Salary of the Comptroller, and £80 per Annum for a Clerk to the Assistant Surveyor, while employed surveying the building His Majesty's Ships at Milford; and Ooo Extra Clerk during Part of the Year.

The Increase in the Emoluments, is in the Extra allowed to some of the Clerks for the Dispatch of Business out of Office Hoars,

A. S. Hamond. S. Gambier. F. J. HartivelL

VICTUALLING OFFICE.

London, Viflualling Office, 9th March 1802,

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Emoluments,

and Expences, in this Department, in the Year 1801.

Years Number of Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. Increased.

Officers. Clerks.

£ ' £ £ ' d. £- ' £ '

1800 36 166 29,445 9 6 12,900 ' 1 5 42,345 10 11 —

1801 37 174 30,^85 8 10 12,680 I I 42,765 9 11 419 19 —

OFFICE FOR SICK AND WOUNDED SEAMEN.

8ih March 1802.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Inc*ease or Diminution ha* taken place in the Number and Amouat of ;he Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences gf this Office, for the Year iSoi,

Salaries.

Emoluments,

Expences incurred for Commissioners Travelling Charges, King's and Parish Taxes, Coals, Candles, Stationary, Stamps, Paper, Priming, Books, Binding Boob, Postage of Letters, Carriage of Parcels, Advertisements, Meftages, and various small Expences

Increase. diminution.

£‘' £ '

3 S3 6 -

ff. Gibbons. str Harness*

Appendix,

TRANSPORT OFFICE! (No. 96.)

" 15* Junii,

Trarsport-Offire, f An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of continued.

4th March Salaries, Emoluments, and Expencei of this Office, for the Year 1801. y , — tt1*

Transport Service: Increase. Diminution*

Salaries to the Comrr.i.Tioners, Secretary, Clerks, Inspecting and Surveying Officers, Storekeepers, £ £ d.

MclTengeri, U c. ----- ----- -- 116 — 3 —

Emoluments to the C!ek , arising frrm Fees received for Bills made out for the Freight of Tr»nf-

poits for Charter-Parties, ar d Jor Stores pjichaled — - 713 19 6

Expencei, conHlllrg nf vati< n.xry Ware ard Printing, Rent of the Office, Coals, Candles, Carpenter* and otti r Wo:ic> performed at the Office, Foliage of Letters, Advertisements in the public Papers, Traxdb.g charged to several Members of the Board, when employed on Service, And various other txpci.cci of an interior kind - -- 142 18 +

FrisoNEas of War:

Si'a i-i to the Clerks and Mc.T*ngers " »3 9 — p.

Em 1 :tc- »hP C!r*k % arid' g from Fees received for Bills made out for the Maintenance of P; - r: % of War, for Frm;.:, Ac. ot Cartel Vessels, for Contracts, ard for Warrants of Ap- U>w.tn, crti ..." O 2>> 18

Xs»^rCr\ corf, ^it.cr of Sfa*;o-ary Ware, Stamps, Printing and Binding, Carpenters and other ' ,r,cS Potkge of L'tnrv, Carriage of Parcel-, Advertisements, Travelling Charges to several Mc' h'-Mot me tl.ard, and other Persons employed on Duty from Town, Allowance to the" C*c:*i for Extra Duty, and sanous incidentals - -- 423 8 7 _

c 55* 7 1,069 16 4

Rufcrt Gscr*c. Ambrose Serle. Wm A? QtnJjay %

TAX OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of this Office, for the Year i8oj.

INCREASE.

Number of Salaries and Emoluments $

Amount of Salaries and Emoluments.

Two Ir.fpc&ors . /\ *4° — - —

1

Ai V.ional Occasional Clerks, at a Daily Allowance, the Number varying according

u> the Eu finds of the Office - - - - 1410 —

Total Increase of Salaries and Emoluments -

£. /. J.

254 10

P I M I N U T I O N:

In the Amount of Salaries and Emoluments -

Nil.

Total Amount of Incidental Expences (exclusive of those incurred for Salaries and Emoluments of Officers):

*709

1800

1801

c- ' *

27,921 6 10I

24,260 9 11J 27,698 19 9

Cff.cc for Taxes 1

May iSi.2. J

William Lowndes, Barne Bame. Edward Medows, Horace Hayes,

Q. f. Goodenough,

Vot.

57*

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15 Junii,

m/iW.

STAMP OFFICE.

Aw ACCOUNT* Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, with respect to the said Revenue, for the Year 1801.

INCREASE.

£ /. J-

Two Additional Clerks in the Receiver General's Office, each at an Annual Salary of -

An Addition to the Salary of the Examiner and Accountant Clerk of the original Stamp Duties, of per Annum ....

An Additional Affidant to D°, at an Annual Salary of ——

An AdJiiional Affidant to the Warehouse Keeper of Stamped Goods, at an Annual Salary of

70 ——

So ——

70 ——

80 ——

DIMINUTION.

The following Places have lapsed in consequence of the Transfer of the Hair Powder and Armorial Bearing Certificate Duties to another Revenue:

Regider of the said Duties, at an Annual Salary of -Affidant to D°

Distributor at the Head Office of the said Certificates, at an Annual Salary of Clerk to D° ——

Two A (Till ants to D#, each ——

Distributor of the said Certificates for the Westminster District -D° - - - for the London Didridl.

D° ----- ---- for the Clerkenwell Di drift -

D° - -- for the Tower Hamlets -

80 -

60 — —

130 -

70 -

60 -

609 6 s

2693 1

,29 ~ 9 67 16 5

The Four lad Officers were paid by a Poundage, after the Rate of Per-Cent/but owing to the Transfer of the said Duties* the Collection of the First was greatly under the preceding Year's Amount, and the Certificates for Armorial Bearings were not issued in that Year.

J* Bindley.

Stamp.Office, 1

11th March 1802. J L. Jenkins.

IV. Lake.

EXPENCES of the Of pic t for Two Years and Five Months; viz.

Ficm id August 1798 to 1 ft August 1799 ift August 1799 to 5th January 1800 5th January 1800 to 5th January 1801

c d.

- - 65.502 >3 r — $

23,387 11 '6

62,472 18

N. B* — By an Act of the 39th of the King, Cap. 92, the Accounts of the Stamp Revenue were directed to be made up Annually on the $:h January indead of the ift August in every Year; as the Year ended the 5th January 1802, is fa lately closed, it is impracticable to (late the Official Expences for the Year 1801, because all the necessary Documents for that Purpose are not yet received.

ComptrollerVOffice, 1 March 11, 1802. j

CL Stedmdny

Deputy Compr and Accountant Gea1.

POST OFFICE.

Ak ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Expences, and Lmolamcr.ts of the GENERAL POST OFFICE; for the Years ending the 5th January 1S01 and 1802.

Chairs rf Mana^emen*, in-clctlm;1 Sal.inr» .4mi Allowance to Ot.jcrr*, D pUty Poiln.artrr* Saline*, Riding Work, M.11I uhr», and all ot'-cr Lvj'cncci whatever, except Packet Boats -

Hire, Arc. of Picket Boats on

tr.c h.kibh'hment

Hire of fxirx Packets, ArmiA rren* of new Packet*, Loitcs I by Lxp'ures, ar-d Darmies done by hng.4^ menu j

1 80 I.

Ei pence*. Increase. Diminution.

£ d. £ / d. C' A

Jr3.393 > 8 h 23,121 17 3 A

36,021 5 2 1,556 9 10

' 49-300 2 10 1 20,450 13 — -

358715 9 8 17, - .

i 8b*.

Expences.

£. t.

*76,798 12 — A

40,539 u — 36,623 19 7

353.962 a. 7 A

Inert iff.

3,403 ta3 44

4,517 5 10

Diminution.

i. y.

i2,6;6 3 3

EXPLANATION of U* INCREASE in the EXP E N DIT U R E, for the Year ended 5th January 1*02 j on the following ARTICLES:

On Crrjit ExprciTo allowed to Deputy Poitina iters, for which the Revenue is repaid by the Debit

Exprc.tcs....

Scotth Orice, bring an Increase of Salaries, and Payment of Arrears to certain Officers in the Pull Office at Edinburgh, and sundry Pollmallers in Scotland ——

ISn Allowance* paid to the Bringers of Ship Letters, from which a Revenue of near £.10,000 per Annum has an.cn ——

wh.ch are now discontinued

D:rr;inu:ion in the Incidental Expenditure of Packets, in consequence of fewer Captures, &c.

Diminution on the Whole -

/ '* d.

886 10 2

2,031 — —

1,083 ——

/ 4,000 10 2

&c.

4>5*7 5

£ 8,51716 —

- 12,676 3 3

£ 4.158 7 3

NET PRODUCE for the Years ended, 5th January 1800 - -

j:h January 1801 - -

5th January 1802 - -

£ s*

- - 704,132 16 2 A

- - 736.576 10 2-Ii

- 847>589 16 1A

April 3d 1 to*.

Examined per

Tho1 Church,

Deputy Accountant General.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers of the POST O F F IC E, for the Year 1801, ending 5th January 1802.

- INCREASE DECREASE

p<rr Annum. per Annum.

- By an Increase of the Salaries of the Clerks in the Inland Two-Penny Poll, Secretary, Superintendant C '* d. £ < d.

of Mail Coaches, and Dead Letter Departments - i,4 jo —

Of iKin Increase, 00 per Year was in-") By the Eilabliffiment of an Agent at Bremerlehe I CO

Cur red by a n w Eiiubiiffiinent and Ar- 1 rangement of the Office at L-vcrpool, and 1 by macing a Penny Pod in that Neigh- t By an Increase of the Salaries of 137 Deputy Foil-mailers - - - J 2,446 19 —

bouruued, from \\.;i*vh a properties lie 1 incrcak 01 Rcvci.ik is expected. J By an Increase of the Salary of the Collector and Accoxnpcaat of the Two-Fenny Pott Office - 100 ——

m By the Death of Mr. John Andrew, Inspector of Higlers and Carriers - ' *- 52

4.146 19 — 52

£ 52 4,094 19 —

-VOL. 57.

-1 his Increaic of £.4094. 19/. is included in the Yearly Comparative Statement of the Expences, which accompanies this Paper; by which it appears, thru the Increase upon the Whole of the Official Expences for the Year in question, is /. 2 ,c 31; but within this Period, new Charges have been imposed on Letters, calculated and expected to produce

£. i^c.cco Additional Annual Revenue.

The great Decrease in the Packet Expenditure has produced, in the general Result of Expence, a Diminution

of £.4,158- ?*' 3 d.

Appendix, (No. 96.)

15* Jun

continued.

12 c

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* J

(oxtmuta.

HACKNEY COACH OFFICE.

Sir,

IN obedience to the DiiCwlionS cf my Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signif.ed to us in your Letter of the First Inllant, Hating that the House of Commons had ordered to be laid before that House, An Account, Shewing what Increase or " Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of all the Public Offices in Great Brit aim, for the Year 1801And defiling we would cause the same to be forthwith made out, so far as relates to our Department, and transmit it to you in order to be laid before the said Houic

We beg leave to inform you, for their Lordships Information* that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, of our Office, for the Year 1S01.

Hackney Coach Office, 5th March 1802.

J. H. A D D I 9i C 1 O N , E q.

We have the Honour to be.

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

John SoI<'\\

IV. Douglas,

R. D. WooJfonU.

CUSTOMS.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in die Number and Amount of the Salaricj,'

Emoluments, and Expences, in the CUSTOMS, for the Year 1801.

Number of Office*. Amount of S-lurie* , and Day Pay. _ - v Emoluments. Expence* j vix. Charge* of Management.

r increase. \f Diminution. 1 Increase. 1 Diminution. < Increase. 1 Diminution. ( Increase.; — Diminution.

L- ' C- ' d-

London; Total - - 5 2 20,6 I 2 5 7° -

Wellern Ports - - *4 2 - «>3^$ 50

Northern Port* - - 9 1 i i oo 22 — —

Out Ports; Total - - 33 3 ,5S0 72

London ----- s 2 20,61a 5 — 70

To:al London - - -and Oat Ports - - - - r: s 22,192 5 — 142 142 — —

Difficrcr.cc since 1800 - 33 5 22,050 5 —

Cutlom-House, London, I Jt llvmcy

3d May 1 Sox. j Secretary.

N. B. The Ir.crease under the Head of w Amount of Salaries and Day Pay*' for the Port of London, has been principally occasioned by an Augmentation of the Day Pay of the Inferior Officers* in Number One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine. An Increase of the Day Pay of the Inferior Officers has also taken place at the Out Ports, and a Diminution of Salary; but the general Effect of this Measure to the Augmentation or Diminution of the Total Pay of these Officers cannot yet be ascertained. The Increase in the Amount of tho Sal 11 if5 and Day Pay in the Out Poits has been principally occasioned by an additional Establishment in the Quarantine Service, and an l.lhbTiffiment cf Officers in the new Port of GrimPoy.

excise office

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the NuiAber and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the EXCISE OFFICE, for the Year i8ot.

Appendix;

(No. 96.)

150 Junii,

continued.

YEAR. INCREASE or DIMINUTION. N umber of Officers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

£ ' J- £ ' d. £ s. J.

00 0 1 1 Increase - - - -Diminution - - - I 9*3 75,412 — — 83,060 5 2

N. B. This Account is from 5th July 1800 to $ih July i&or, the latest Period to which the same Can be made up with Accuracy* The Increase of Emoluments 13 occasioned by Incidental Allowances, paid by Treasury Warrants, dated 15th January and 31st March 1801, as an Augmentation to the Salaries of the Officers; which Article also forms Part of the GroCs Sum of £. 8j,c6o. 5/. zd* increased in the General Expences of the Establishment. The Increase of Expences thereof, exclusive sof this Sum, amounts to £.7,648. 5/. zd.

Excise Office, London, 7

26th March 1802. 3 Jed lVebb>

Accomp* Gen'.

EXCHEQUER BILL A CCO UN tV Shewing what Increase or Diminution has Emoluments, and Expences of the E X C H E QJJ E R t 1 OFFICE. taken place in the 1 BILL OFFICE

t Annual Salaries.

/. d.

f Joseph Plaftta M - 283 6 8

Pay mailers - - - - -< John Cudlipp - - - - 283 6 8

John Peter - - - 283 6 8

Comptroller - - - Walter Pollard - - 350

Housekeeper - - - Mrs. Maurice - - 4b

£> 11,240 —

Accountant - - - - William James Cooke - 210 — —

Cashier - John Eagleton - - 130

Clerks C James Pilfold, Jun. - - , Zo -

\ Thomas Palethorp - - - 70

Messenger . - - - - James Pilfold, Sen. - - 50

£ j 54o

These Salaries have neither been increased or diminished fmee the Year 1761.

These Salaries are the same as in the Year 1800.

The Expences of the Office appears to be more than the former Year by the Sum of - - £. 63. 16 j. 4d.

Exchequer Bill Office, \ -

the 17th March 1802.) J

John Peter.

VOL. 57.

Appendix, (No. 96.) *5° junii.

cenhnued\

COMMISSIONERS FOR AUDITING PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.

RETURN to ato Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, calling for u An Account, shewing what Increase or " Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices, " for the Year 1801 5" so far as relates to the OFFICE FOR AUDITING THE PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.

YEAR. N amber of Salaries. I N C R E A S El Number of Salaries. DIMINUTION:

( Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences. < Amount of Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

1801 - - None. £. ,. 2,182 17 3! None. £. ,. d 150 17 4 - - 1 1 1 *7. c DC. ——

On the Efublishment of the Board in 1785, all Fees and Emoluments whatever were abolished. The Excels in Salaries arises by an Augmentation to the Pay of the Officers, Clerks, and Office-keeper, on the Establishment; and the increase in the Exf ences ailfes from the Employment of an additional Weekly Clerk, from the greater Consumption of Stationary, and from the advanced Price of various Articles neceflkry for the Use of the Office,

Offic* for Auditing Public Accounts, 7 y &,//. R, p0/e C.

Somerset Place, loth March 1802. j J

MINT OFFICE.

' Mint Office, 5th March tSo:.

Pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 26th February 1802, requiring 4< An Account, Shewing v.i. c Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1801 _

We do certify. That no increase or Diminution, in the Number and Amount of Salaries and Emoluments at His Majesty's Mint, have taken place in the Year loot.

Edw. Lucas, Depy Ward11.

Arden, Matter.

John Bunnell Davis, Depr Comptroller.

MUSTER MASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE.

An ACCOUNT of what Increase and Diminution has taken place in the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the Office of the COMMISSARY GENERAL OF MUSTERS, during the Year 1801.

There is an increase of £.$85. lOrJ in the Estimate for 1801, beyond that of the preceding Vear 1800, arising from Rent and Taxes, in consequence of the Exchangd of Offices to accommodate the Secretary at War; and froirt additional Stationary, Clerks, and Meffienger, owing to new Arrangements as to Searches, &c. with the Approbation of the Treasury Board.

There is a Diminution of £.182. lor. in the Annual Estimate, by the Death of a suppressed Deputy Coramiflary of Mutters in 1801.

The Fees of the Commissary General were £.385. 9/. less in 1801, than in the preceding Year 1800.

The Fees of the Two Clerks were £.44. 18/. zd. less in 1801 than in 1800.

G. Aujl.

Commissiiry General's Office, 1 13th March 1802. 3

LOTTERY OFFICE.

SIR,

In Obedience to the Order of the House of Commons, communicated to the Commissioners of the Lottery by your Letter of the ad of this Month, I am directed by them to inform you, that the Expences in this Office are not reckoned by Years, but by Lotteries, which run from one Year into another.

Lottery i8ci, is now in the course of Drawing at Guildhall; and the Accounts of it will not be finifoed till the Year following.

The Establishment of the Lottery 1800 is, in respect to the Number of Commissioners, of Officers, and of Clerics, precisely the same that of the Lottery 1796, delivered to the Financial Committee of the House of Commons in 1798; and their Appointments are the fame; but there is a Diminution in the General Expence of the Lottery 1800, of about Ninety-three Pounds.

No Emoluments accrue to the Managers besides their Salaries, excepting a Charge for Entertainment and Coach-hire, as afual, to those who are upon Duty at Guildhall. But the Officers and Four Senior Clerks on the Establishment, divide some Fees arising chiefly from the Dciirc of Adventurers to know the Fate of their Tickets, for the Examination of each of which Sixpence is paid.

I remain. Sir,

Your mott obedient and mott humble Servant,

Lottery Office, 7 Gray.

51 h March 1802. 3

John ILlcy Addington, Esq.

Appendir,

STATIONARY OFFICE. (No. 96.)

— . 150 Juttii,

Ak ACCOUNT, Shewing what Incrcau or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries,

Emoluments, and Expences of the S T ATI ON AR Y O F F I C E; for the Year 1801. V.,..., -

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

Nomibi. Amount of Salaries. Number. Amount of Salaries. Emoluments and Expences.

Four additional Persons; Viz. I Affiilant in the Warehouse per Annum. £. s. 4. 72 16 —

3 Stationers Men - 109 4 —

l Porter ----- - 39

Additional Wages granted: To the Carter, to make his Wages One Guinea per Week ----- -- The Watchman - *1 $ Labourers or Porters 1 To mtke up the,r Affi(lam Carter, and -| '** *9* 1 Week. - - - Necessary Woman H 12 — IO4 12 — None. Noti.-The Profits arising from the Sale of Parchment, and Paper Cuttings, Outsides, See. is brought in Aid of the General Expence, and the

£ 34° 4 — Year 1801 produced £.792. 14/. 7{4.

The additional Persons were employed on Account of the Ordnance Departments being supplied with Stationary and printed Formj from this Office.

Lewis Wolfe.

CUSTOMS, SCOTLAND.

ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, paid out of the Revenue of Customs in Scotland, for the Year 1801.

Number of Officers. Salaries. Emoluments. Expences.

£ 4. £ ' d.

Increase - - — m 2 1,044 16 4a 34 >3 4

Diminution - - 1 s 18 61 — —

Balance Increase - - I n l7 9» 34 '3 ♦

The chief Articles of which the above Increase is formed are;

The Establishment of a Custora House, and the Appointment of a Deputy Collector and a Deputy Comptroller at Banff, in pursuance of a Warrant of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 20th October 1800, and which was carried into Execution in the Year 1801. — Amount of this Article £. 179.

Additional Salaries granted to Boatmen in the Service of the Customs, per Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 4th March i8or 5 their former Salaries not being adequate to their Subsistence. — Amount of this Article £.769. 19/. 8|^.

Additional Allowance for Clerks to the Office of Comptroller General of the Customs at Edinburgh; per Warrant of the Lords Commifconers of the Treasury, dated the 17th August 1801.*~Amount of this Article £83. 6/.

Custom House, Edinburgh, 1

toth March 1802. J /. Westgarth.

Vo L* 57.

12 D

A. 1802,

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* Jitmi,

c$ntinut<L

EXCISE OFFIC E — N ORTH BRITAIN.

North Britain.

ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of the £ X C I S E O F F I C E, for the Year 1801.

Number of Salaries. Emo'.umenrj. Expencec.

Officers.

C- ' J. £. s. J. £ ' *

C Increase 36 . None. 12,035 11 i{

In the Year 1801 -i

(Diminution - - ... I32 11 9 — —

Excise Office, Edinburgh, 1 iSth March 1802. J

ct. Wharton, Ja* Stodart, John Grieve.

Wm Macao, Accomptant,

Ed. Broughton, Accomp* Gen1. John Stuart, D. Compt'.

LAND REVENUE OFFICE.

RETURN to the following Order of the House of Commons, so far as relates to the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crow* Lands: — Viz.

Veneris, 26° die Februarij 1802.

u Ordered,

w That there be laid before this House, an Account, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken w place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolu-M ments, and Expences of all the Public Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1801."

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, nor any Alteration whatever in the Nature or Description of the Emoluments or Expences of the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, or of any Person employed therein, during the Year 1801.

John Fordyce,

Surveyor General.

ARMY PAY OFFICE.

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 13th March 1802.

SIR,

In Answer to your Letter of the 2d March 1802, I beg to acquaint you, for the Information of the Lords Commissioners of His Mujeity's Treasury, that no Change has taken place in the Establishment) Salaries, or Emoluments of this Office, fmee the Account delivered in on the 9th of February 1801, pursuant to the Commands of their Lordships, contained in Mr. Long's Letter of the ych February 1801.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your obedient humble Servant,

P. George Craufurd.

J. H. Aidinqton, Esq.

&c« fcc. &c.

AUDITOR OF THE RECEIPT OF EXCHEQUER.

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices; for the Year 1801.

No Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolument?, and Expences in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Year 1801.

Exchequer, 7

the 8th Day of March 1802. J Robert Jennings,

First Clerk to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

No Increase nor no Diminution has taken place in the Number or the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells in His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, for the Year 1801.

Exchequer, 7 8th March 1802. J Edward Robert sy

Deput. Cler. Pcllium.

J. H. Addington, Esquire.

COMPTROLLERS OF ARMY ACCOUNTS.

Comptroller's Office, 9th March 18:2.

SIR,

In pursuance of the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signified by your Letter of the 2d Infant, that, conformably to an Order of the House of Commons, dated 26th February 1802, we should make out an Account, as far a relates to our Department, Shewing what Increase or Dimi-M nution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1801we have the Honour to inform their Lordships, that no Increase or Diminution hat taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emolu. ments, and Expences in this Office, in the Year 1801; except an Addition of Fifty Pounds a Year, made, under their Lordships Authority, to the Salary of William White, one of our Clerks.

We have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

John Dicky John Martin Leake.

J. H. Addington, Esquire.

SURVEYOR GENERAL OF WOODS.

Office of Woods, 5th March 1802;

S I R,

In obedience to the Order of the Honourable House of Comment, communicated to me by your Letter of the 3d Infiant, M That there be Lid before th.it House an Account, Shewing what Uciiau or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Others in Great Britain, for the Year i8ot — I beg leave to return, for the Information of that Honourable House, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number ani Amount of the Salaries, hmolumenti, Expencei, Allowance*, and Cravi gs, in the Department of the Surveyor General cl Il'.s M-je.iv't Woods, in the Year i3oi;norany Appropriation of an OiDvC been made for the fume, and for preserving the Office P.t*r>cri, or any other Arrangement or Alteration therein: But that the Salaries, LmJutnerts, Allowances, Cravings, and FHablish-m.cnts therein, ilill remain in the same State, as is full represented in my Rrturnj, and the accompanying Papers respecting the said Otr.cc, submitted to the Selcft Committee on Finance, and printed arid referred to, in their 23d Report, Pages 26 and 27, and pro-gv (lively in subsequent Pages, from 250 to 263, and from 270 to 2'3. and from a;b to 181 inclusivej and as it a!so Hated and craved to be allowed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trcalcry, in my Account made up, and makirg up, to be pa^ed before the Auditor of the Land Revenue*, but of which no Allowance hat hitherto been made, or Accounts passed, on such SaJaries, Emoluments, Allowances, and Cravings.

I am,

SIR,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

John Rob infonf

Surveyor General of Woods, Sec,

J. H. Addington, Esq. Scc.

AUDITORS OF THE LAND REVENUE.

An ACCOUNT of what In cue ask or Diminution has uken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries Emoluments, and Expences, in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue for England and Wales, for the Year 1801.

18th March 1801^ — By Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the 18th Day of March 1801, the following Fees were granted to the Auditors, their Deputies, and Clerk*, for making up and auditing the Accounts of the

Aid and Contribution, 38 Geo. III. and Income Duties, 39 Geo. III. — Viz.

To the Auditors for entering the Commission, 13 /. 4d.;

Stating Account, and examining Vouchers, &c. of £. /. each Receiver, £. 5. - - - 5 13 4

To the Deputy Auditors and Clerks, for Hating the Debit or Balance, and for Ingrofiing each Receiver's Account - - 5118

For paffiing Accounts thrbugh the several Offices, and

obtaining Quietus - - - £ 2 — .

The Amount of which Fees, in the Year 1 Sot, was but inconsiderable, by reason that some few only of the Receivers General have been hitherto- enabled to make up and paL their Accounts. But when the Whole of the Accounts for the Aid and Contribution, 3S Geo. 111. including the Seventh Inffiilment to the 5th April, 1799 shall have been made up, the Gross Amount of the above Fees accruing to the Auditors, De puty Auditors, and Clerks, from the several and respective Counties of England and Wales, will be altogether £. 829. 9/. for the Accounts of the Year 1798. And the same Rate of Fees is to be continued for the Income Accounts 1799, WJt^ a Diminution of 13/. 4 d. for entering the Commission of each Receiver, exceDted thereout by the above-recited Warrant.

Auditors Office, Land Revenue, 7 D. Audr for England.

15th March 1S02. 3

Albert Badger,

Dcpr Au dr for Wales and County of Monmouth.

SOLICITOR OF THE TREASURY.

SIR,

I have the Honour of your Letter of the id of March JaH, with a Copy of an Order of the House of Commons, that there be laid before the House " An Account, Shewing what Increase or " Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Offices in Great Britain, for the Year 1S01 — and desiring me to cause

the same to be forthwith made out, as far as relates to my Department I beg leave to acquaint you, that there has been no Increase or Diminution in the Number or Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments or Expences of my Office, as Solicitor of the Treasury, during the Year 1831.

I am, S I R,

Your most humble Servant,

No. 6, LincolnVInn, 1 J0Sb Whitt*

16th June 1 So2. 3

J. H. Addington, Esq.

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* Ju

continued.

BARRACK OFFICE.

STATEMENT, Shewing the Imcre ai* and Diminution* that has taken place in the Number and Amount of the Salaries

in the Barrack Office, in the Year i8ot.

INCREASE. DIMINUTION.

d. On the Pay of the Accountant - - -53*" D® Deputy Accountant - - - - 100 — — D° One Clerk - - - - 20 — — D® - - I> . - . - 20 — _ D° - - D# 20 D* Porter - - - -926 D® Mcffienger -. - - - - 926 D* - - D° - - - - 926 D° Office-keeper - - - 926 £. s. One Assistant Barrack-Mailer General - - 273 15 — One Clerk reduced - - - - 109 10 — One D® left the Office - 109 io — One D® - - D® - - - d - 91 5 -One D° dead ----- - 109 10 — One D® - D® -‘ - - - . 80 — —

349 to — £-773 >° —

Barrack Office, 1 sad March 180a. J

Vo 1.17.

Ol. De Lanc

B. M. Gen*.

101S

Appendix.

yl. 1^0 2;

Appendix,

(No. 96.)

15* Ju

continued*

RECEIVER OF THE ONE-SHI LLI N G-AND-SIXPENNY DUTIES.

Upper Eaton-Street, Grofvmor-Place, March 3, 1802.

SIR,

In obedience to the Commands of the Lords Comnffiffi.oners of His Majesty's Treasury, communicated to me in your Letter of the ift Instant, 1 beg leave to inform you, that my Emoluments, as Receiver of the One-Shilling-and-Sixpenny Duties on Salaries and Pensions, trife from a Poundage of 1 J. per Pound on the Gross Receipt of those Duties; in which Rate of Poundage, no In. crease or Diminution took place in the Year 1801. — There are no Salaries whatever paid by the Public in my Department

1 have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your obedient humble Servant,

John Lane %

Recr of the One-Shilling-and-Sixpenny Duties on Salaries and Pensiont.

J. H. Addington, Esq.

Secretary Treasury, Sec. See. Sec.

REMEMBRANCER OF FIRST FRUITS OFFICE.

SIR,

I have been honoured with a Copy of the Order of the House of Commons, of 26th Feb. 1802, and your Letter of the id March.

I beg leave to acquaint you, for their Information, that there has been no Increase or Diminution in the Amount of the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences whatever, in my Department, as Remembrancer of Firil Fruits, for the Year 1801.

I am, with much Respect,

SIR,

Your very humble Servant,

Firil Fruits Office,! Richard fan Harrison,

ad Mar. 1802. J Rememr.

J. H. Addington, Esq.

Treasury Chambers.

RECEIVER OF FIRST FRUITS OFFICE.

SIR,

I have been favoured with a Copy of the Order of the House of Commons, dated the 26th February, with your Letter of the ift March,

I beg leave to acquaint you, for their Information, that there has been no Increase or Diminution in the Amount of the Salaries. Emoluments, and Expences whatever, in my Department, as Receiver of First Fruits, for the Year 1801.

I am, with due Respcft,

SIR,

First Fruit, Office. 1 Your humble Servant'

ad March 1802. j 4 J* Bacon.

J. H. Addington, Esq.

Treasury Chambers.

RECEIVER OF THE TENTHS.

S I R,

In Anhvcr to your Letter of the ift I< ft ant, I have the Honhur to inform ycu, that no Increase cr Diminution has taken pi ce in the Number or Amount of Salaries Emoluments, or Exnenrcs of the Oh.cc of the Receiver of the Tenths, for the Year *801.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your most obedient and very humble Servant,

Tenths Office, Tempi q.th Match 1802.

R. Richards,,

Rccr of the Tenths.

PRIVY-SEAL OFFICE.

Privy-Seal Office, ad March 1802.

SIR,

Having been honoured with your Letter of Che ift Instant, dU recting me to make out an Account of any Increase or Diminution in the Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences in the Privy-Seal Office, within the Year 1801: — I am to acquaint you, that there has been no Variation whatsoever as to those Particulars, in the said Office, during the Period above-mentioned.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR.

Your most obedient humble Servant,

John Lor pent*

J. H. Addington, fcfq. Sec. See.

SIGNET OFFICE.

Signet Office, 5th March 1802.

S I R,

Iu Answer to your Letter of the ift Instant, containing a Copy of an Order of the House of Commons, That there be laid " before that House, An Account, Shewing what Increasb or of Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of i( tfic Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences of all the Public Offices " in Great Britain, for the Year 1S01 — I beg leave to inform

you, that no Increase or Diminution has taken place in tho Number or Aniount of the Salaries, Emoluments, or Expences of this Office, during the Eft Year; except an Allowance of Fifty Guineas per Annum to the Office-Keeper, directed to be paid him by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in lieu of Apartments of which he has been deprived.

I have the Honour to be, '

SIR',

Your most obedient humble Servant,

//. IV. Williams IV? m,

Dcp*.

John Hiley Addington, Esq.

4

v

42 Geo. III.

Appendix.

1019

HAWKERS AND PEDLARS OFFICE. J

Pursuant to an Older of the Honourable House of Commons; dated Veneris,^0 die February iSc2;

An ACCOUNT, Shewing what Increase or Diminution has taken place in the Number and Amount of che Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences, in the Office for Licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Sec. for the Year 1801. . f

Office for Licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Scc. 1 2d March 1802. ' J

We certify the above.

R. Coker. II. Rigby.

'Append

(No. 96.)

.150 Jurih

etntinuf'*

-J'

Increase or Diminution - V

In Salaries, Emoluments, and Expences - ♦

OFFICE FOR THE REDUCTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.

An ACCOUNT of the Increase of Salaries which has taken place in this Office, for the Year 1801,

To the Alidant Secretary - - £.5° per Annum.

To the Messenger - - - 25 per Annum.

Hen. Hodgson, Secretary.

A ST ATEMENT of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of Redeeming their Land Tax.

Appendix*

(No. 97O

15 Jtmii

To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled.

9i The Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for " Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companics, for the Purpose of Redeeming their Land Tax," have received His Majesty's Directions, to lay before the House of Commons a Statement of their Proceedings, distinguishing the Number and Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts for Sale; t/*e Quantity of Stock purchased by the Procuce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said' Commission; the Exfience incurred, and the eitirr a ted Value of the entire Property of which the Tenure tint been, or will be changed, by the Effect of such b.m>, or Contrails for Sale;

And the said Commissioners Report accordingly 5

I. — By an Act passed the 2id March 179c, to amend and u render more effectual the preceding AeL for the Redemption " and Purchase of the Land Tax," it was made lawful for His Majesty to appoint Seven Persons ct His M;.jedy*s most Honourable Privy Council, to be Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Cfnt;v.fu for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, ter the Purposes of redeeming any Land 'Pax charged or* any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies.

And His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Match 1799, nomi-

nated and appointed the Right honourable Wili am Lord Auckland, the Right honourable Henry Addington (then Speaker of

VOL. 57.

the House of Commons^, the Right honourable William Pitt, the Right honourable the Mailer^of the Rolls (now Lord Alvanlcy), the Right honourable Sir William Wynne, Knight, the Right honourable the Lord Chief Baron, and the Right honourable Sylveder Douglas (new Lord Glenbervie), for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and.with Authority to any Two or u.ore of the said Commissioners, to do any Ad, Matter, cr Thing, which by the said Commission the said Commissioners are authorized to do: And various Legifl.itive P/ovisions have fi'.'Ce been made, to facilitate and extend the Operation and Eric cl of the said Ccinmission.

IT. — The Lord* Commissioners, on the 29th Mnrch 1799, feve-- rally took the Oath p-cicribed by the Act of Parliament, and afterwards entered upon the Execution of tluir Office. Their Meetings have been continued from Time to Time by Adjournments, of more or less frequency, according to the Nature and importance of the Business to be t ran faded; ai.d the Commissioners have acted with the Advice of Counsel in such Cases as have been thought to require profefficnal Affillance.

In ad;u ting and approving the Terms and Condition^ of Sale, it 1ms been anxicuily and invariably the Objc^! of the Lords Coin-nnfficners to elUbliffi and maintain certain uniform Principles calculated to prevent any improvident Sales, and beneficial as well as safe to the Property of the Church, and of other Corporate B- dies, as far as might be compatible with the Nature of the Property to be dispoied of, and with the dificrent Tenuie* 10 which that Property might be subjeli.

Pursuing these Principles, the P ard have found it neccfihry to difeufs many Queihons or Intricacy and Detail, with respcCl both to legal Conilructions and to Modes of Valuation.

Their Minutes and Decisions have been consequer.tly very voluminous, and have been accurately and carefu'ly entered and pic-served. ¥

The Lords Commissioners take this Occasion to acknowledge the ready and efficient Abidance and Attention which they have

experienced

12 E

Appendix

A. rSoi

Appendix (No. 97.)

*5* 7*",

*---->

experienced from Time to Time, from His Majesty's Law Officers, from the Directors of the Bank, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and from the Officers of the Bank of England.

The current Business of the Commission, as will appear in the Two following Sections of thi» Report, is gradoally diminishing; ftiQ, however. U is considerable and important.

III. — The Number of Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the Cowunissioners, has been.

From the 29th March 1799 to 28th March 1800 - - 89; Sales.

From the 29th March 1800 to 28th March 1801 - - 433 Sales.

From the 29th March 1801 to 9th June 1802 - 277 Sales.

Total - - - 1,605.

IV. — The Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, was,

In the First of the above Periods - - £. 364,678 In the Second - -- 227,420

In the Third - -- 161,736

£ 753834

The Effed of that Circumstance is evidently benefiehl, and Public Credit has been materially assisted, by thus withdrawing from the Market nearly Twenty Millions of Stock, in little more than Three Years, for the Redemption of Land Tax.

VIII. — There are also other Descriptions of Gain to the Public, which are not inconsiderable, when collectively taken, by the Accumulation of the i/uth beyond the Amount of the Land Tax fold; by the Saving of the Allowances to the Receivers General; by the Stamps on Renewal of Leases, and on Conveyances of settled Leasehold EAates.

And in a more indirect Point of View, the Sales made by ihe Proceedings under the Commission may be considered as ber, racial to the Public, by giving loed Accommodations to the Purchasers, by multiplying the Means of Improvement, and by increasing the Revenues of the Corporate Bodies, in some InllanCcs very con- ' fiderably.

IX. — The Expence incurred has been reflrifted within the nar* rowed Limits, to the Salaries of a Chief Secretary, A Til! ant, and Clerks; the Fees of Counsel, the Rent of the Office, and certain small Incidents; the Whole amounting, on the Average of Three Years, to about £. 1,550 per Annum.

And the said Sum of £*753.834, was obtained in the following Proportions, from Sales made by the different Descriptions of Ecclesiastical and other Corporate Bodies:

£, s. d.

Archbishop of Canterbury and Sixteen of the 1 o

Bishops - ----- ----- j1 9*493 1 3

Deans and Chapters - -- -- - 286,982 12 4

Rectors and Vicars - -- -- - 100,187 3 10

Colleges and Prebends -.....- 85,228 11 3

Lay Corporations - -- -- - 91,942 11 (

7S3>834 *4 9

V. — The Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed,

by virtue of such Sales, and Contract for Sale, cannot yet be dated with Precifion, as in several Indances, the Money anting from Sales approved and confirmed by the Lords Commissioners, has not yet been paid into the Bank.

Besides which, the Property sold by the Corporate Bodies, being required by Law to be sold free and discharged from Land Tax, the Land Tax has in very many Cafes, by Agreement between the Parties, been freed by the Lessee tr Purchaser at his Expence.

It is therefore difficult to ascertain what Amount of Land Tax may have been redeemed by this Part of the Operation.

On the Whole, however, the Amount of Land Tax redeemed by virtue of the aforesaid Sales and Contrails for Sale, may be cltimated at ,£.35.000 per Annum.

X. — The Value of the entire Property, of which the Tenure has been changed by the Ed eel of the Sales, and Contrails for Sale, has been computed to be not less than Thiee Times the Amount of the whole Sum received. AfTuming this Computation to be well founded, the Amount fold or contracted for being £.753,834, the Value in Tec of the whole Property transferred from Corporate bodies, will be £. 2,261,502.

The Prices approved in Sales, and Contrails for Sale, have varied from 6 to 9 Years Pure hale, for the Reversion in Fee of Linds and Tythes under Leases lor Three Lives; from 8 to 14 Years.Purchase for the Reversion in Fee of Leases for 21 Years 5 Years Purchase has been taken for Houses let for 30 Years, and 3 Years for the Reversion in Fee of Leases for 40 Years; reserved Rents, and Property not let on bencticial Leases, have been fold from 25 to 30 Years Purchase.

XI. — There cannot be a Doubt that these Sales are.convenicnr to Purchasers, advantageous to the Sellers, and their Successors, and highly beneficial to the Public in general: And therefore the Lords Commissioners would gladly have added to this Report, some Eilimate of the Proportion of Land Tax payable, and not yet redeemed, by the Bodies Corporate.

It is, however, difficult to arrive at any Certainty in this Part of the Enquiry. It is probable that the Proportion of Land Tax redeemed by the Corporate Bodiet and the r Leflles, may exceed the Proportion as yet redeemed by other Dcfcitpiions of Property chargeable with Land Tax; Hill, however, it may be estimated that more than Two-Thirds remain unredeemed.

VI. — The Quantity of Stock purchased by the Bank from the Produce of such Sales, is £. 1,013,000; exclusive of the Sums not paid into the Bank, and also of Sums not yet brought to Account, amuunting together by Eilimate to £. 200,000 Stock.

VII. — The Gain resulting to the Public from the Proceedings under the Commission, confiAs, molV immediately, in the On«-Klcventh required by the A^lj, to be paid to the Public, beyond the Value of the Land Tax redeemed, and such Gain cannot be Hated at less than £. 110,000 Stock; and this is exclusive of the Land Tax redeemed by the Lessees and Purchasers of many considerable Parcels of the Property sold to them. A further Gain resulting to the Public from the Proceedings under the Commission, U to be found in the general Operation of the Redemption of the Land Tax, particularly by creating a daily Demand of a certain Proportion of Stock, which can never be brought back into the Market.

XII. — The general Results may be stated to be: —

That the Number of Sales approved is 1,605.

That the Amount in Money of such Sales so approved, is £ 753>S34 Sterling.

That the Value in Fee Simple of the Property fold, is above £. 2,coc, oco Sterling.

That the Stock purchased for the Redemption of Land Tax, under the Proceedings of the Commissioners, is about £. »,200,000.

That the whole Expence to the Public his been £. 5,400.

That the Gain to the Public, by the Operation, Ins not been less than £. m0,000 Stock; exclusive of the other Benefits explained and detailed in this Report.

By Order of the Lords Commissioners,

/r. Young,

loth June 1802. Secretary.

42. Geo. III.

Appendix*

1021

ACCOUNTS respecting the Annual Revenues and Disbursements of The East India Company, at their several

Presidencies and Settlements in InOia.

Appendix', (No. 93.) 18° Junii.

BENGAL.

No. 1.

_______ 1

A* ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL REVENUES of Tffe EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bcmcal, Bail At. and Orissa,'and from Bikahi and Oude, under the Heads of, Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oudc Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and Stamp Duties; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest EtUmate of the fame.

No,

An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, judicial. Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Starflfi Office; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Per Estimate, Per Estimate;

1798 9. ,799-,8o°. 1800-1. 1801-2. 1798-9.^ 1799*1800. *800-l. 1801-2.

CR* CR* CR* CR* CIVIL: CR* CR* CR* CR*

Mint Duties 67,131 1,30,283 45*8*2 69,600 Mint Charges - - - - 3,06,303 3.11416 1.87417 1,74,060

Post Office Charges - - 2,09,2 00 2,17,369 2,04,202 1,91,400

Post Of ice Cullcttions - 2,01,936 *.49-5 *7 243,862 2.34,784

Charges of the Residency

Benares Revenue & Customs 39*85*430 48*47*33 5*^5*387 50,27440 of Benares 6,96,818 745,009 7*67.305 9,26,376

Charges of the Resident's,

Ou ?c Subsidy, being the Re* Office, &c. at Lucknow - 2,15,59° *‘7.7*3 *.34.938 2,62,460

cciprs from the Nabob

V.z»er, for the V xpences of Other Charges of the Civil

the Company's Troops eu»- Establishment ... - 27,23,675 36,61,171 43.57.658 38»i3^36

oloveJ in his Dominions. t A\ *

yis* 1 v m MR# a# vsMaaevtr«m| JLc. Ace* 98,$0,689 9*.'4*383 1, 1649,818 V A/ 1,67,54460 Total Civil Charges - CR* 41,51,586 51,53,188 57,51,120 54.27.87*

Land and Ssyer Revenues,

Collection thereof, includ- JUDICIAL:

ing former Year's Balances 3^»7.*7*43» 3.21,32.296 341,87.666 3,12,80,560 Supreme Court of Judica-

ture, and Law Charges - 6,97,85° 6,75.993 647.599 5*58.134

Judicial Feet, and Fines, 8tc. 4*3S>4'4 4.4S.*6s 5,00,214 5,27,800 Charges of the Dewanny

(») and Nizamut City, and

Customs ----- -- 9.57.103 >3»34*°4° 14,11,580 26,68,000 Zilla Adawlut; also of the

Police Establishments, and

Sale of Salt 1,29,67,1*7 1,2647,667 1.12,97,197 9744,000 Courts of Appeal - - - 39*6*595 45.37.U9 43.53*0*6 4344.180

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 46,60,445 52,13* 49.60,625 48,62,314

Sa'e of Opium - - - - 2143.043 37,10448 37,25,0*0 37,12,000 -

Stamp Duties a.40.7s8 2,63,784 3.56./80 4,93,000 MILITARY: -

% Charges on the Company's

Account, including Con-

Total Revenues - CR* 6,15,36,153 649,84,726 6,65,83,346 7,05,11,644 trails, Contingencies, and

King's Troops ..... *10,73,7! 3 41.65,492 '.3S.76.466 1,23,£4,000

Dcduft Charges - CR* 3.9»-9-993 4,43-74.6*8 4,70,24,004 4.58,22,007

Charges on the Vizier's

| Account- ..... 90,28,561 j 80,91,717 1,12,00,987 1,28,06,400

Net Revenues - CR* 2 24^6,159 2,06,10,098 1 >95*59*34* j *46,89,637 Total Military Charges, CR* 2,01,02,274 2,22,57,209 *47.77.453 2,51,60,400

Marine - 549*998 6,35,115 4,92,204 6,62,04 0

Buildings and Fortifications 6,62,44c 11,82,837 11,99,637 8,81,600

Revenue Charges, including

Stipends ..... 46,10,664 53.84.6S3 51,24.651 47,20,272

(a) This includes CR1 34,80,000 for Arrears due in former Years. Customs — Charges of Col-

leilion 84481 1,06,806 1,19480 2,23,509

{»} The Re-establishment of the Town and other Duties occasions the

expedkd Increase in this Article. Salt — Advances and Charges 3*63.774 3443,469 3546,659 29,23,200

\ Opium - D° and - D° - - 9.77.95c 9,78,682 10,53,810 9,68,600

- Sump Office Charges - - 66,381 *9*557 18,365 52,200

Total Charges - CR* 3,91.29,993 4.43.74.628 4,70,»4, O04 4,58,22407

17th June 1802. } VOL. 57.

(Errors Excepted.)

IV" iyrighty

Auditor of India Accounts.

Appendix,

(No. 9S.)

l5* Jin

continued,

Appendix.

A. 1802.

Account* respe^ing The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

BENGAL.

No. 3.

A COMPARISON of the F.llimated and Aaual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, in the Provinces of Be^vl, Bahai, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oudi, under the Head* of Mint or Coinage Duties, Pod Office Co ledlions, Benares Revenue, Oudr Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police, Cudoms, the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, and the Stamp Duties, for the Year 180c-1; and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; dilUnguiftung the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, and the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of coilcding the Revenues and Customs, the Advances and C.nrge> on Account of Salt and Opium, and the Charges of the Stamp Office, for the same Year.

REVENUES.

Mint Duties - ~ - - .

Pod Office Collections -

Benares Revenue, including Cudonu - -

Oude Subsidy - -Land Revenues -

Judicial Department, Fees, Fines, &c. - -

Cudoms - -

Sale of Salt -' Sale of Opium Stamp Duties

Estimated

Amount

1800* i8or.

Al>ual

Amount

1800 1801

Surplus in the Actual Receipts.

Total Revenues - CR'

DcJuft Charges

CR* 69,600

2,36,500

43,3.8,400

t»i1 >99*13 7

3,12,50,400

4,40,800

12.99.200

1,02,08,000

40,60,000

2,90,000

6»33*9ji°37

CR' 45.822

2,43,862

51,65,387 1,16,49,818 3,2 1,87,666

5.00,214

14,11,580

1,12.97,197

37,25,020

3,56,780

6,65,83,3-16

CR'

7,362

8,26,987

4.50,681

9,37,266

59*4*4

1,12,380

10,89,197

66,780

Deficiency in the AAual Receipts.

CR'

23,778

3*34*980

35,50,067

3*58,758

Net Surplus of Aflual Re- S 3I»9,»30q ccipts - - - \ *

t o Met Surplus of) m 0 -

4,42,20,476 4,78,06,115|Adlual(jharge#J 3^85,639

Net Revenue. - - CR' 1,91,71,561 1,87,77,23 i(^""‘yof.Ne'l 3,94,

33o

tall India K^use, I June 17th 1802. J

Ell i maud i \&ua! Amour*: Surplus in Deficiency an

Amount paid and due Actual Actual

1800-l80l. I8c0-l80l. Charges. Chaises.

CHARGES. CR* CR* CR* CR*

CIVIL:

Mint Charges - - - - t,74,oco *»76*943 2*943

Pod Office Charges - - 1,97,20c 2,07,6t;2 10,482 /

Charges of the Residency of Benares ... - - 6,53,080 7.64.53c 1,11,45c

Charges of the Residcnc's Office Lucknow - - - 2,3 2,coo 2,34,938 2.93b

Other Charges of the Civil Department - - - 35>97>5°3 44,31,000 8,33*49*

Total Civil Charges, CR* 48,53,788 58,15,093 9.61,305

JUDICIAL:

Supreme Court of Judicature, and Law Charges - 4,76,760 5,62,767 86,007

Charges of the Adaptors and Police - - - 43,07.776 44,63,536 1.55,760

Total Judicial Charges, CR* 47*84*53^ 50,26,303 M*.767

M ILITARY:

Charges on the Company's Account - - - 1,27,98,943 1,43,08,031

D3 - - on the Vizier's Account - - v . - . 1,06,94,537 1,12,00.987

Total Military Charges, CR* *34,93,48o 2,55,09,018 20.15,538

Marine Charges - - - - 6,03,^00 5,12,885 - - - 90.315

Buildings and Fortifications 12,47, coo 11,99,637 - - . 47.363

Revenue Charges - - - 49,08,192 50,25,501 M7>3°9

Cudoms — Charges of Col-legion* ----- - 87,000 1,16,984

Salt — Advances and Charges 31,08,800 35.26,659 i 4.»7>859

Opium - D° - and - D° - 11,13.60c u 00 d,) 59*:9«

Stamp Office Charges - - 20,88c,) 20.225 655

Total Charges - CR' 4,42,204-6 > 4,78,06,115 j 37-83.761 1.98,124

Net Surplus of 7 Actual Charges 5 3S.85.639

(Errors excepted.)

ir- might.

Auditor of India Account*.

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — continued. Appcndi

" (No. 98.

FORT ST. GEORGE.

No. 4.

An ACCOrvr of the ANNUAL REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Prefi !ercy of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordirate thereto, in the I'arnatic and Northern Circaas, under the Head> of Mint or Coinage Duties Port Oihcc Collections, Sea and Land Customi, bubblies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjors, kc. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for Three Years; accord.rg to the iatcll Advices: Together with the latell Estimate of the fame.

No. 5.

Am ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INDIAr COMPANY, at the Presidency of Fort St. George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the kevenues and Customs; for Three Years* according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

18* Junii

continued.

j 799-9. 1799-1800 1800-1. Per Estimate, 1801-2.

Pagodas. Psgodas. P..godu. Pagodas.

Poll Onke Collections - - 4?<C5S 79.112 44,775 39,800

L*nd ard Sea Cu Vrms (Min: and Coinage Duties included) ----- - «.44.,24 74.975 1.64.9*5 1,36,905

Subs; !y from the Nabob of Arcot ..... S.80,427 9,20,128 9*00,000 9,00,000

SU fily from the Rajah, and R. *« U's at d C jlL>ms collected from I ar jorc - - 5-3M36 7,21,316 8,18,851 11,94,884

Suhfidy from the Rii*h of Llv oie, ai d Rrvrrue* collected ti m t c Ceded and Conquered Countries - - 16,05.255 (*) 33,75.800 34,06,591

Suhti 'y fr( in the Nizam, and Revenues r.f thr Countries ceded in lieu of Subudy; 4 83.410 5,32.236 (B) A 9,10,505 13.s7.683

Land Rcwnaci ..... 21 40,664 22,08,847 23.94»497 25.17,854

L^rd Rerer es and Customs collect'd in the Countries Ceded 111 i~ 7.38,417 6,37.076

Farms and Licer.cej - - - 1 1*15.463 t C"\ CO Ul VO 1,32,721 1,41.056

Revrrucs cf Cc>!cn and Dutch Settlements (c) 1 I j *'-3*57® 60,527 1.02,595 52,828

Total Revenues - Pr.godas 53,09.581 1 70,56,341 ! 88,50,669 97.47,601

1798-9. 1799*1800. 1800-1. Per Estimate, l8oi-2.

Pagodas. ^Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas.

Poll OlTice Charges - - - 32.048 46,536 39,624 39.7>&

Civil and Judicial Charges - 3.44,656 3,90,751 3,67,296 3,31.589

Military Charges (including King's Troops) - - - 64,03,429 56,52,878 78,24,695 83,53,171

Buildings and Fortifications 46,141 30,015 1,04,990 84,571

Charges on the Revenues and Custotns - - - . 9,37,220 7,14,591 9.77.467 9,62,665

Charges on the Revenues of the Countries ceded in 1792 ----- -- 1,78,361 2,09,224

Charges on the Revenues of Tanjore 97.675 % 1,72,283 5,89,988 4,68,853

Charges colletfling the Revenues of Ceylon and Dutch Settlements, including Charges of Dutch Pri* foners ----- - () 1,64,484 2,20,780 2,14,937 63,019

Charges and Stipends in My-fore, and in the Ceded and Conquered Countries - - m m m 2,27,643 (») 8,42,226 8.85.794

Charges on the Revenues of the countries ceded by the Nizam ..... 52,674 2,08,900

Total Charges - Pagodas 82,04,014 76,64,701 1,10,13,897 1,13,98,278

Deduct Revenues - - 53,09,581 70,56,341 88,50,669 , 97,47,601

Net Charges - Pagodas 28,94,433 6,08,360 21,63,228 16,50.677

(a) The Revenues of the Countries ceded in 1792, an^ of those conquered in 1 "90, are now included together in the Accounts receded fn m Madras.

(b) The CeiT.ons from the Niaam took place in 1800.

(c) The Revenues of Ceylon ceased to be collected by the Company from

Cciober 1790,

(d) Vide Note (a)

(e) Including since October 1798 the Remittances to Ceylon,

East India Ileufe, ?

17th June 1802. 1 ' (Errors excepted.)

J W* Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

V

'l. 57.

12 F

Appendix

A. 1S02.

Accounts rtfp-tfling The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

¥ O R T S T. G EOHG E.

No. 6.

A COMPARISON of the F.Airr.a-.eJ Aflual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Pres.Jcncy of Fort St. George, a d the Settlements Coordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Ofice Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah ot Tan jure, &c. Lands, Revenues, and Farms and Licences; for the Year 1800-1801; and of the Charges defrayed lor the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; diilinguilLing the same respectively under the levexul Heads of, Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and, collecting the Revenues and Cudorr.s.

Etlim'ed Artual Edinuted Actual Amount

Amount to be Amount Surplus in the Deficiency J paid and due Surplus in the Deficiency

received for received in Actual in the Actual J Amount in Actual in the A&uaI

on Account

1800-l8oi. 18CO-1801. RcCcipts. Receipts.; 1 Sco-iSoi. 1800-1801. Charges. Charge*.

R EVENUES: Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas. j CHARGES: Pf> frc'd n c Pagodas. Pagodas. Pagodas.

Fed1 Oliice Collcclions- - - 3 3.*56 44*775 11 >479 Pell Office Charges - - - 29,000 39,624 10.624

Land and Sea Customs - 1.32.S43 1,64,925 32,082 Civil Charges - - - - 5° 3-S9-134 34-9s4 *

Snbfidy from the Nabob of Military Charge- (inc'uding

Arcot ----- - 9,00,000 9,00,000 King's Troup-j - 63.27,848 76,49,695 8,21,847

Subsidy from the Rajah of Building* ar.J For:incations 80,000 1,04,990 24,990

Tanjore, and Revenues col-lccled from his Countries - 10,17,776 8,18,851 - - - 1,92,925 Charges on the Revenues

aid Cuilon s - - - - 8,86,044 9>35*4°f 49,360

Snbfuly from the Rajah of

My lore, and Revenues of the Ceded Countries 1792, and Conquered Countries *799 27,08,878 a) 33,75,800 6,66,922 Charges on the Revenues and Customs of the Ceded and Conquered Countries, including Mvfore Stipends 5,46,090 8,42,226 2,96,136

Subsidy from the Nizam, and Revenues of the Countries ceded by him - - - - 9,46,106 9.16,505 _ m m 29,601 Charges on the Revenues of Tarjorc ----- - S-35,s32 5.59,9s:; 24,156

Land Revenues - - - - 22,66,953 23-94-497 1,27,544 Charges of Ceylon and Dutch Settlements, includ-

ing Dutc.i Prileners - - 1,85,818 1,89.54! 3723

I'hi'ms and Licences - - 1,27,690 1,3 z'7-1 5,031 Charges colliding the Re-

Revenues of Dutch Settle- venues and Cudoms of the

int.ti - - - - 59,140 1,02,595 4 3 »4S 5 Countries Ceded by the Nizam ----- - Not climated. 52,674 52,674

Total Revenues - Pagodas 81,92,632 88,50,669 8, S6,513 2,28,526 Total Charges - Pagodas 94,14,782 1,07.33,276 <3>,s»494

Net Surplus £ 6,57,987 88,50,669! 6,57,987 1 f Net Surplus

of AciuJ j Deduct Revenues - - - 81,92,682 J of Actual

Receipts „ f Receipts.

f Surplus of

Net Charges - Pagodas I 2,22,100 18,82,607 6,60,507 Actual Net (. Charges.

f a} See Note under this Letter in 1 -

E.i 11 India House, C 17th June 1S02. X (Errors ereepted.)

1lrn IV) Ah,

Audi'.or of India Accounts,

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — continued.

Appendix

(No. 98.

18° Janii.

continued.

BOMBA Y.

No. 7.

No. 8.

Am ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL RF.VKNIT.J of THE EAST INDIA j An ACCOUNT of the ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST COM I'ANY, at the PrcliTncy of Bombay, and the bettlements subordinate 1 INDIA COMPANY, at the Prebdency of Bombay, and the Settlements

thereto, order the Head* of, Land Revenues, Cullrnv, Farms ard Licences, I subordinate thereto; diilinguishing the same under the respective Heads of.

See.; for '1 hree Venrj; according to the Lie ft Advices.: Together with the Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of

Lite.l ElLniate of the fame. I cohering the Revenues and Cuitcms; for Three Years; according to the

latcil Advice*: Together with the latest Efliir.ate of the fame.

(a) Transferred to Fcrt St. George, fresh ifl July 1800.

79'-9- I 7^9 loooo. 1800-1. j Per Efbmate, j 1801-2. j 1798-9. 1799-18co. 1800-1. Per Estimate* 1801-2.

Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees. Rupees.

Land Revenues - - - - 3.i.v/;50 2,78.79I 4>°M59 473.930 Civil Charges - - - - iz,7s>Si7 14,59631 12,69416 12,99,240

Cuf.oms and Duties - - - 5*74-77 6,21,1 50 9.46,710 8,95,340 Marine Charges - 5,09,261 12,39 316 ^,56,455 I I,8o,2CO

Farms and Licences - - 3,80,19,) 3.78.9 6i 5.95.906 7,15,000 Military Charges (including King's Troops) - - - 80,17,670 92.36,903 80,42,672 72,47,100

Suhniy- from the Rajih of Travcncore ----- 3.3i.4j7 3,31,457 3,81,457 3>8«.457 Buildings and Fortifications 2,26,037 2,90,170 1,91,226 5,19*800

Revenue from the Ceded Countries, including Cuf. toms, &c. - - - 16,64774 20.54-4*3 2,21,05* (a) Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - - - Charges coliefling the Revenues and Customs, &c. of the Ceded Countries - - 1,52,206 L9LH4 4,92,806 4.89.735

Total Revenues - - R* 3 3.29.657 36.94733 25,46,284 24,16,227 6,91,971 8,10,057 1,81,144 (a)

Total Charges - - - 1,03,72,962 1,32,87,221 1,15,33,719 1,05,35,075

Dedud Revenues - - - 33.29.657 36,94,783 25,46,284 24,16,227

' Net Charges - - - 75,43.3 °j 95,92438 89,87,435 81,19,848

(a) See Note in preceding Page.

Kart India House, 7 17th June 1802. J

(Errors excepted.)

Auditor of India Accounts*

V°L. 57.

C.

1026

Appendix

A. 18024

Appendix, No. 98.) 1 S* 7'uniit

fntinuti.

JL

Accounts respecting The East India Company's Revenues — anaimai.

BOMBAY.

No. 9.

A COMPARISON of the Eltfmited and Actual Amount of the REVENUES of THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, at the Presidency of Bom, aV« and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of, Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c.for the Year 1800-1801; and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguiiTiir.g the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and, collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Efti mated Amount to be received in 1800-1801. Afrial Amount received in 1800-1801. Surplus in the Actual Receipts. Deficiency in the Actual Receipts. E(Violated Amount, in 1800-1801. A flu si Amount paid and due on Account, 1800-l8d. Surplus in the Aauti Charges. Deficiency n the Actual Charges*

REVENUES: R* 4.34.730 R* 4.01,159 R* R* 33.57* CHARGES: R* 14,80,200 R* *3-43*7*3 D» Pi

Lind Revenues - - - - Civil Charges - - - - lx 1.36,48

Customs ----- - 8#25,lOO 946.710 1,21,610 Marine Charges - - - - 13,55,000 '4,97.647 *.4*647

Farms and Licences - - - Land Revenues, Customs,&c. in the Ceded Countries - 6,46,200 *83400 S>95>9°6 341,052 50.294 1,62,3+8 Military Charges (including King's Troops) - - - Buildings and Fortifications 55,05,28+ 3,07,000 81,29,510 1,91,226 26,14,226 **5.774

Subsidy from the Rajah of Travencort ..... 3.«MS7 3.8«.457 Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs - 3,68,300 5>3*.3'* 1,64,012

Total Revenues - R# 26,70,887 2546,28+ 1,21,610 346,213 Charges collecting the Revenues and Customs of the Ceded Countries - - - i,+8.6oo 1,20490 ... 28,110

« Net Deficiency in the ? A&ua) Revenues - - J i,2+,6o3 Total Charges - R# 91,6+,38+ 1,18,1+,898 39.30,885 280,371

Deduffc Revenues - - 26,70,887 25,+6,28+ N t Su plus in Aftusl Charges - 126,50,51+

' Net Deficiency in Actual Revenues - - - 144^03

Net Charges - - R# 64.93*497 92,68,61+ Surplus in Actual NetChargn } *7.7S>'*7

East India House,l

17th June 1802. J (Errors excepted.)

W Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

Accounts respecting The East India Co.mp.aky'! Revenues — continued.

Ko. 10,

Appendix#

(No. 98.)

18° Jun

continued.

An ACCOUNT of <hc ANNUAL CHARGES defrayed by THE EAST INttlA COMPANY, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Benoal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguistied ficjm the Civil or oilier Charges respectively 5 for Three Vears; according to the Iatefl Advices: Together with the latest Ldiuuic of the fame.

179SS-9. 17 9 9 — 1 8OO. 1 80O-I. Per Estimate, 1801-2.

BENGAL: Charge! at the Presidency and Subordinate* CR* >3.59.3*7 CR* >9,3 *,321 CR* 16,30,751 CR* 11.52.831

MADRAS: Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates Pag* 2.00,000 Pag* 3'54.6j0 , Pag* 2,05,937 Pag* 1,90,539

BOMBAY: Rup* *73.53* Rup* 2,77.8*4 Rup* 2,67,093 Rup* 3,04,000

Charges at the Presidency and Subordinates -

East India Hoofe, 1 17th June 1802. 1

(Errors excepted.)

IV" Wright,

Auditor of India Account*.

No. 10. (a.)

A* ACCOUNT of the EXPENCES of the RefiJency of FORT MARLBRO* and its Dependencies; for Three Years; according to the latest Advices: Together with the latest Edimate of the fame.

Per Eilimate,

>79 7-8- 17 9 8-9. 1 799-1800. 1 1 8 0 0-1 801.

Civil Charges Dollars l8l,24l 160.411 > >7»5°6 146,000

Military Charges - 220,21 7 237,910 >79,623 I $6,200

Buildings and Fortifications - 5 7>5 21 86,011 33.929 26,500

Total Charges - - Dollars 458,979 484.33* 33>.°58 328,700

DeduJI,

Revenues arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences - . - - 23,376 24,510 35*9 33 32.559

Net Charges - - Dollars 435,603 459*822 295,125 296,141

Fail India Hour, 1 (Errors excepted.)

irtti June '3oi. j W-Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts

Vol. 57. tz G

Appendix,

[So. 98.)

1 8* J'.tnii,

Accounts nfpcfting The East India Company's Revenues —

No. 10. (b).

AMOUNT of the EXPENCES of the Island of S t. HELENA, and the Fafiory of C A NT O N; for Three Year*;

according to the latest Advices.

1797-8. 1798-9. 1 799-18°°.

St. HELENA:

Civil Charges - - - £ 10,039 12,351 13.558

Military Charges - 38.488 39»796 37.9*6

Buildings and Fortifications - 8.5*4 6,008 3.946

Total Charges 57.041 58.155 55*42°

Deaid,

Revenues arising from Rents, C-floms Farms, and 779 1.107 1,218

Net Charges - 56,262 57,048 54,201

CANTON: 1798-9. 1 799-1 800. 1800-1 801.

FaAory Charges - - Tales ic6,6ji / 113,660 130,152

At 6j. 8 J. per Tale - £ Sterling 35*550 37,886 43.3S4

Enft Irdii House, l/ih June 1802.

(Errors except 'd.)

JVn Wright,

Auditor of India Accounts.

1

42 Geo. III. Appendix. 1029

" Appendix,

(No. 99.)

To Huinural/.c the Knight?, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled; l8° JUYlti.

A STATFMK NT of the Expences incurred for the Payment of Salaries to the Commissioners, Clerks, arid Officers, ander the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax; and for discharging the Incidental Expences attending the Execution of those Acts; from the 5th of April 1801 (the Period to which the last Statement was made up) to the jth April 1801; as far as the fame-can be aKertaincJ; presented in pursuance of the Directions of the Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 60.

Sams paid, between the above Periods, by the Receivers General, on Account of the Salaries and Expences of the Clerks to the Commissioners for the Sale of the Land Tax, in the several Counties and PLccs; and a!so for the Incidental Charges attending the Execution of the Acts -

4>7°7 9 1

Sum* pa;d, as above, to the C'erks to the Commissioners of Land Tax, for making Copies of the Asseflmenrs for the V % of the Commissioners for Sale, after the Rate of Four Pence for every Chancery Sheet, according to the Directions of the Ad 39 Geo. III. Cap. 21. Sec. 25.

343 4

The Expences incurred, as above, in the Department of the Register of Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax, viz. The Salaries of the Establishment of the Office, confiding of the Re* gidrr, his Deputy, and Clerks; for the Rent of the Office, and other Payments in respect thereof; for the Payment of Bills for Stationary, Printing, Portage, and other nefcefiary Disbursements, amounting together to ——

S,8;6 7 —

Incidental Expences incurred in this Office on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax, as far as the same can be ascertained -

y.

595 8 10

11,522 15 9

Office for Taxes 1

13th June 1 ?:a. J

William Loivndes. Edward Medows. Horace Hayes.

Vol. 57.

[INDEX removed.]

